Name,Reviews,Date,Name of web
Nikita Mistri | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Small and satisfying college with extra brilliant placements.
 
 Placements: Placements in PICT have increased since last year. This year, the target of TPO was 100 companies. Almost more than half of the students got placed in the first semester. The highest salary package offered is 37 LPA. The placement cell is very beneficial. Several training programs are also held in the start.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT is a small campus, but all the facilities like labs, Wi-Fi, library, etc., are available. Labs and classrooms are well-equipped. The campus is self-soothing as it has a lot of trees. Quality of food in the canteen is good. The hostel is very luxurious.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are very intelligent and knowledgeable. Most of them are seniors and experienced ones. They are ready to help the students whenever required. Teachers use chalk and board as well as presentation methods for teaching. The course curriculum is useful in some senses.
 
 Other: PICT hosts several technical and non-technical events. Among these, INC and Credenz of IEEE are the largest.",2019-03-15,Shiksha
Shubham Garje | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2022,"Placements are satisfactory, but extracurricular activities should be increased.
 
 Placements: More than 80% of the CSE students and More than 60% of the IT students get placed. About 50% of the E&TC students get placed. Companies like Rakuten, Goldman Sachs, TCS, Infosys and Wipro visit the campus every year for placements. Rakuten offered the highest salary package of about 35 LPA. The average salary package offered is about 7 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is small. There are only basketball ground and table tennis. The hall, classrooms and labs are big enough and well-equipped. The library is good. The college provides good Wi-Fi and internet connection. The college has a small auditorium. Access to lift is limited to faculty and physically disabled students.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members in the college are average, but the faculty members in our department are good. They are very strict about 75% attendance and also submission. They are knowledgeable, and the result of students depict this explicit.
 
 Other: There is no campus life, it is like school life here. Technical events are organised every semester. The cultural events are held on a small scale. Students in the college are bright and versatile.",2019-03-15,Shiksha
Sarang Pabalkar | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2015,"Review of Pune Institute of Computer Technology.
 
 Placements: Every student from the college gets placed with a respectable salary package. Immense opportunities are provided. The highest salary package offered was 35 LPA, the lowest salary package offered was 3.50 LPA, and the average salary package offered was around 5 LPA to 6 LPA. All the students got placed. Roles offered were mostly related to development. The placement cell is mainly faculty-driven. The role of students is to manage the process.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of our college was excellent. All the necessary facilities related to academics were available. The campus has a small ground. Playing cricket and football wasn't feasible. Labs were good. Food served in the mess was not up to the mark. Vendors served us good food. Hostel facilities were limited, and there were plenty of accommodation facilities outside the campus.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members were helpful, qualified, and knowledgeable for the computer science and ENTC departments, but not for the IT department. But, some of the faculty members were above average. Faculty members in computer science and E&TC departments were up to the mark, but they were strict regarding discipline.",2018-11-21,Shiksha
Naren Khake | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"I'm quite satisfied with the placements this year.
 
 Placements: Placements in the first half of the academic year 2018-19 are going pretty well. Around 412 students were placed last year, whereas, 404 students are placed this year. Around 300 students are offered a package of 5 lacs per annum or more. Companies like HSBC, FinIQ, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, etc., visited our college to offer placements.
 
 Infrastructure: Labs and classrooms are very well-equipped. The campus has 3 departments, and each department has almost every latest hardware and software. Nvidia and many other companies have their sponsored labs in our campus which are taken good care by the faculty and students.
 
 Faculty: PICT has good faculty members. Their guidance in academics is quite good. Teachers are very helpful and have good insight into the latest technology and how they can be implemented in the projects. With the help of the teachers, many students publish their research papers at international level.
 
 Other: The college conducts several activities throughout the academic year. Many technical and non-technical events are conducted in our college.",2018-10-15,Shiksha
Pranav Budhwant | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"This is the best college in Pune after COEP.
 
 Placements: Placements seem to be amazing this year. Around 404 students out of 600 got placed through college placements. Around 300 students acquired a package of 5 LPA. Around 100 students got salary packages below 5 LPA. Students didn't get any internships from college.
 
 Infrastructure: The whole college is Wi-Fi enabled. Classrooms are fairly outdated. Books in the library are new and are updated now and then. There is a lack of sports facilities in our college. Food available in the canteen is good enough. Hostel rooms for boys are not much good, but accommodation facilities for girls are excellent.
 
 Faculty: Most of the teachers in our college are qualified, knowledgeable, and helpful. Their teaching quality is fairly good. Faculty members try to implement interactive teaching methods. The faculty to student ratio is pretty normal. The college didn't provide any industrial exposure for students. The course curriculum is outdated but still helps to grasp the basics of the subjects.",2018-10-15,Shiksha
Madhura Avachat | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Placements are great. The course is technically focused. Few teachers are knowledgeable.
 
 Placements: Our college provides good support, and placements are one of their strongest suits. They provide training for placements. Good companies are contacted along with mass recruiters for placements. In my senior batch, 404 students were placed as of 15th October 2018. For other branches, 197+2 (PG) students were placed from computer engineering branch, 117+1 students were placed from EnTC branch, and 86+1 students were placed from IT branch. One student was offered the highest salary package of 33 LPA, which was offered by Rakuten. A salary package of 5 LPA and above was offered to 300 students, and a salary of below 5 LPA was offered to 104 students. Fifty more companies are supposed to visit for placement drives.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure is up to the mark with regards to technical requirements. But, the lack of sports facilities and the small size of the campus would put-off some students. There is a volleyball court and a basketball court available. The same space is used for games like football and cricket. The canteen is satisfactory. The new girls hostel has a charming look and is very clean. Wi-Fi is available across the campus and in the hostel. Classrooms are satisfactory.
 
 Faculty: The course curriculum is the one sanctioned by SPPU as the college is affiliated to SPPU as of 2018. Faculty members cannot be grouped into a category as each professor has different strengths and weaknesses. Overall, it is a college of average professors with sporadic occurrences of teachers who are actually knowledgeable and teach well.
 
 Other: The college has PICT ACM Student Chapter, PICT IEEE Student Chapter, TEDx, PICT Pictorial Magazine, NSS, PICT MUN Club, Robocon Club, PICT Algorithms Club, and PICT Cubers Club, under which several events take place throughout the year. The annual cultural festival takes place for three days and is called Addiction. The annual-technical event is known as Impetus and Concepts, and it takes place in March.",2018-10-15,Shiksha
Rohitkaran Adusum ... | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"PICT is a great college to learn and excel. If you're here to enjoy, this is no place for you.
 
 Placements: A lot of companies visit our college for placements. However, the chances of getting higher packages are less when compared with computer science and IT branches. Niche companies like Rakuten, Avaya, etc., offer high packages. Our placement cell is quite good, and it invites good companies every year.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of the college is average. Classes are good and clean. Labs are well-equipped and informative. Sports facility is quite poor, and the college has only two small grounds. Library facilities are good, and the Wi-Fi facility offered is of good quality.
 
 Faculty: Most of the teachers are quite knowledgeable. The teaching quality is good with the occasional use of a projector and other equipment. The curriculum is quite good which tests the students' abilities to their core. However, the assignment system is quite tedious, time-consuming, and the students can acquire only a less amount of knowledge from this system.",2018-10-11,Shiksha
Aseem Kannal | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Ample opportunities are provided for those who really want to succeed.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college are good. Most of the students get placed on the campus. Software development and analysis seem to be the most common roles offered. There is a placement cell which ensures employability skills in students. Most of the students who qualify for placements do end up getting placed.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT doesn't have a ground. Lab infrastructure is decent. The latest software and operating systems are not available. Classrooms are not ventilated well. The canteen underwent a management change a semester ago, so it has been good enough. Medical facilities are present.
 
 Faculty: The teachers are qualified but don't seem to have a passion for teaching. Everyone focuses mainly on university exams, but this is not true for all teachers. Some faculty are passionate about imparting knowledge and want students to step out of their comfort zones.
 
 Other: The college does conduct quite a lot of technical and non-technical events. The crowd is quite intelligent and determined. Campus surroundings are not much great because it's in Dhankawdi.",2018-10-05,Shiksha
Saksham Sharma | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2020,"Overall, the college is good at providing academics and technical, but they make it hectic.
 
 Placements: The placements in the college are very good. During the academic year 2017-18, our college had the highest package paid in Pune. Companies like Rakuten, ZS Technology, Morgan Stanley, Avaya, and Ola visited the college for placements. Most of the students got the internship through the college with an average stipend of around Rs. 5,000 per month.
 
 Infrastructure: The area of the campus is quite small, but they have well-equipped labs with high-speed internet. Each lab of computer and IT department has around 20 PCs with open source Fedora or Ubuntu. The whole campus is enabled with the Wi-Fi facility. Medical facilities available in the college are very good. The college is supportive of sports only if you have good attendance. There are two hostels in the college in which one for boys and one for girls. Each room accommodates two persons with attached toilet.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in the college are well-qualified having good degrees. Their way of teaching is okay, and we do get a lot of guidance. No different teaching methods are used, except PPT and blackboard. PICT students don't get enough industry exposure, but still, do good after placements.
 
 Other: Many student chapters like ACM, IEEE, art circle, pictorial and many more are present in the college. Each student chapter organises its event. The famous college fests are INC, Pulzion, and Credenz. Our annual sports event named Elevate is famous, and it attracts more crowd every year with corporate and collegiate people taking part in it.",2018-10-03,Shiksha
Harsh Kaushal | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Best college In Pune if you have to do Computer, E&TC and IT Engineering.
 
 Placements: The placements of PICT have enhanced in previous years like first the average salary was 3-4 Lacs but now average has become more than 7 Lacs. The companies nowadays hire talent and knowledge than just degree completed student. PICT develop you overall to be employable in a good company.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is small but have everything that is required to happily complete your 4 years. Here labs and classrooms are well maintained as well as cleaned almost everyday. College has its own Wi-Fi having a browsing speed of 4 Mbps but range is not available in classrooms. In last year Canteen has been changed after students complain of quality of food and now the canteen is too good and well maintained and cost effective.
 
 Faculty: The faculty of PICT is the reason that the students who are hungry for knowledge are attracted to it. 9/10 teachers have proficiency in their subject and make the subject interesting so that student can concentrate for whole 1 hour. The curriculum of SPPU as we know is outdated somewhat but give enough base knowledge that we require to understand the subject. It's advanced concepts are to be learned by the student himself and make him expert in the subject by doing some online courses.
 
 Other: The events of the college are too good and almost all colleges are attracted to it and participate into it. Pulzion's Electroquest Hunt and Credenz's Roboliga are worth participating. The surroundings of the college are filled with many food hubs. You can satisfy your cravings with delicious food.",2018-08-30,Shiksha
Pooja Patil | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2016,"Top most engineering college.
 
 Placements: My college is known for good placements. Rakuten gives the high package. The faculty members are also great. PICT is well known for many aspects like the labs and many others. Only 3 branches are there in PICT, computer Science, electronic and telecommunication, and information technology.
 
 Infrastructure: The college has a good infrastructure. The campus is not too large, but it is sufficient. A mess is there. Sports ward is there. There is a separate building for the applied Science department. It is near to the road and easy to reach. It is located in the centre of the city. Too many events are arranged like Credenza and much more. No ragging is allowed in the college.
 
 Faculty: The teachers have excellent knowledge in their respective fields and impart it proficiently. Various methods are used for teaching purposes. Boards are used to explain and write notes, in addition projectors are also put up in all the classrooms for better understanding of a topic via ppts and videos. The college follows the curriculum set by the Pune university (SPPU) and the syllabus is completed in time, giving students time to prepare for the exams.",2018-08-21,Shiksha
PRANAV YERAWAR | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2020,"Satisfactory because of good placements.
 
 Placements: Placements were very good compared to other colleges in Pune. Pict is the best college for placements in Pune. The highest package was 34,00,000 per annum given by rakuten (a japanese company). 2 students were placed for this amount. Average package for pict is about 5-6 Lacs per annum.
 
 Infrastructure: Labs are satisfactory in pict. Wi-Fi is provided in the campus and a separate log in id is provided to every staff and students to avoid any malicious activity. Boys hostel is satisfactory but girls hostel is very nice and tidy. Pict lacks in sports facility though it has basketball court.
 
 Faculty: Yes the staff of pict is well qualified. All the syllabus is thoroughly taught according to the university norms. They uses power point presentations for teaching. I guess student to faculty ratio is about 10:1. internship and industry exposure is really low. Yes the course curriculum was useful.
 
 Other: Ieee (credenz), acm (pulzion), art circle (pictorial), impetus and concepts.",2018-07-05,Shiksha
Mayuresh v warade ... | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2020,"Pune institute of computer technology is best school for geeks.
 
 Placements: Placement in Pune institute of computer technology is about 80 to 85 percentage. Placement activities are done and taken seriously from 2nd year. The highest packages received last year was around 40 Lacs but it was in japanese currancy To get placed in India morgan stanley gives around 18 Lacs. Avarage packages were around 6 Lacs per annum.
 
 Infrastructure: Full campus has the full Wi-Fi capability. Labs and classrooms are perfect. Library is good. But one problem is that there only one single basketball ground nothing else. Food of canteen is good. There is only problem. Pune institute of computer technology faces is that campus is vary much smaller than other engineering colleges.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are vary helpful. First year teacher are strict like school. They are qualified but Pune institute of computer technology follows strict syllabus under savitribai phule Pune university. They are non autonomous college. Thachers invents new methods to help student in study.
 
 Other: Day by day college intake is incredibly increasing.",2018-07-03,Shiksha
Ayush Singh | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Good placements in 2016, you don't face any problem regarding teachers, infrastructure etc.
 
 Placements: Placement is what PICT is known for. Placement in pict is very good. More than 94% students are placed. Many companies come here for placement like IBM, Google, rakutan, veritas and many more these are the major companies. Total number of companies in general (approximately. 40-50 companies are sure). Students got avg. Package of 8 to 9 Lacs and going as high as upto 30 Lacs.
 
 Infrastructure: ALL THINGS TO MAKE STUDENT COMFORTABLE AND CONCENTRATE ON STUDY'S IS HERE. Wi-Fi with high-speed Labs are very nice. Classrooms are very good. Which book you want it is present in library. Medical facilities, sports, game's are also very good. Hostel - daily cleaning and camera are there so there is no case of anything to be done by students which is wrong. Food quality is superb. Delicious food provided. In short friends in this college don't face any issues related to labs, classrooms, hostel, food, etc.
 
 Faculty: Facility is very good and supportive. When am new in college I mean FE student. I know about faculty's are very strict and all. But my seniors tell us that faculty's have very good knowledge of the subject. Teachers are well qualified and have a good teaching experience. PICT college provide us experienced teachers (20-26 years experience) for better understanding.
 
 Other: They provide scholarships. Events are conducted. Campus surrounding is full of greenery.",2018-05-27,Shiksha
Chinmay Sawant | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2017,"Really good with strict rules, placements and college infrastructure.
 
 Placements: The placements are really good in Pune institute of computer technology compared to other colleges in Pune. The average salary for year 2017-2018 was around 7 LPA. The highest salary 45LPA is offered by Rakuten a japanese company. The roles like software engineer, developers, analyst are offered by most companies.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is really good. PICT just has a basketball court. It doesn't not have any football or cricket ground in campus. The Wi-Fi is provided across all the labs, reading halls. Classrooms are comparatively goof with sufficient medical facilities.
 
 Faculty: PICT comes under university of Pune. So the syllabus of Pune university is same as of PICT. The teachers are well qualified and educated. Most of the teachers have done M.Tech. The teaching quality is good but ya some teachers are not that liable in technical things. Aparently good faculty.",2018-05-22,Shiksha
Karan Jhala | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Best college for placements and academics.
 
 Placements: Placements are really good. Companies like HP, l&t, Rakuten come with a huge package. Also companies like TCS and techmahindra come with average package picking up students in mass amount. Package of these companies is around 3-4 Lacks and that of big ones is about 12-15 Lacks.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure of the college is like what. 2 buildings for academics and 1 of those building is decided in 3 parts still I shall count that as one building. A basketball court, a volleyball court and boys and girls hostels each. Library has all required books. Free Wi-Fi. Etc.
 
 Faculty: Faculty of our college is really impressive. Almost half of the teachers are rude but that's not surprising in Pune University. The teachers are helpful and try to get best out of them. The course curriculum is a little out dated but if u all me for a score out of 10 I shall give 9.",2018-05-17,Shiksha
Namita Wani | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Best placements for CSE and IT departments. It has best teaching staff, infrastructure not too good.
 
 Placements: The placements in the college are best in Pune. The highest package is given to PICT students and the first priority for PICT students. Almost 75 percent of the students got selected in the campus. Morgan Stanley, HP, Microsoft, Rakuten, EQ technologies, Avaya, Calsoft and many others visit PICT College.
 
 Infrastructure: The labs are best in Pune. Computers are available and are updated. Good library and sufficient books are available. Separate reading hall is available for students. The classrooms are clean and cleanliness maintained. Strictly, 2 wheelers must have a helmet. Security cameras are available all over the campus.
 
 Faculty: The faculty are best. The teachers will be updated. Good and experienced teachers are available. Each student has a tutor Student to faculty ratio is 15:1. There is strict paper checking and follow all rules of the university. A sufficient number of teachers are available for teaching. The teachers motivate the students too.",2018-05-06,Shiksha
Palak Khushu | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Great Placements, college life and fellow peers.
 
 Placements: I'm still in college but one of the major reason that attracts students and parents to this college is the excellent on-campus placement. On an average 80-85% of students get placed every year and companies like Rakuten come to our college and it's the highest paying company with the annual income being 30L (30LPA) and hires as per their requirement. The niche companies give annual income more than 5LPA. The lowest package was 2.1LPA (2016-2017). There is a placement cell and the Training and Placement officer, Dr. S. Narkhede heads the cell. The training programmes are very helpful that guide students and help them a lot.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure if the college is good, classrooms are big, sufficiently lit and well-ventilated. The washrooms are horrible. Our canteen is really hygienic and serves good food. Hostel rooms are spacious and well furnished. Wi-Fi is available everywhere in the campus and the doctors come everyday for 1 hour.
 
 Faculty: The teachers have excellent knowledge in their respective fields and impart it proficiently. Various methods are used for teaching purposes. Boards are used to explain and write notes, in addition projectors are also put up in all the classrooms for better understanding of a topic via ppts and videos. The college follows the curriculum set by the Pune university (SPPU) and the syllabus is completed in time, giving students time to prepare for the exams.
 
 Other: Technical and nontechnical events are held which make the college life enjoyable and the different clubs are there like (PISB, PASC, EDC, Art Circle, MUN Club) which not only help with technical knowledge but also keep you updated with current affairs.",2018-05-04,Shiksha
Anurag Pandey | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2021,"The placements is awesome but the college is bit strict.
 
 Placements: The placements of the college is quite good. The average package offered by the college is 8.5 lacks per annum and it goes as high upto 30 lacks annually. Every year around 10-12 students gets a job offer of packages above 12 lacks/year. Companies like Nvidia, Infosys etc. Come here for recruitment.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is quite small. Inside the campus we have hostels both for boys and girls, a basketball court, a volleyball court, table tennis playing arena, a gym and our own Canteen. Whole college is equipped with Wi-Fi. Every classroom is equipped with projectors and a screen.
 
 Faculty: The college offers only three courses - Computer engineering, IT, and electronics and telecommunication engineering. The college staff is good. Teachers are highly qualified some done their PhDs from IITs. Also many activities are being held. We also get to go internships.
 
 Other: The colleges hold its the biggest technological event called CREDENZ. Many students from different colleges come here to participate in events like ROBOWARS and many others.",2018-05-02,Shiksha
Dipen Kadam | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Not good infrastructure but very good in academics.
 
 Placements: A lot of world famous companies like Rakuten, HP, L&T, etc. come for the placement with average package of 10L, the highest planned from our batch was for Rakuten with 30L. Also some small companies like techmahindra, TCS, etc. come with small packages of 3L.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of the college will only be the problem as there are total 5 buildings 2 of them are hostels and 1 is the office. So for studying, there're only 2 buildings. We have one basketball court and a volleyball court. The girls hostel is renewed and is better according to them. And old girls hostel is given to boys.
 
 Faculty: Almost eighty percent of teachers are well qualified and excellent in teaching but almost forty percent of teachers are rude and this is not the case of only our college, it is almost everywhere in Pune University colleges. Teachers also appreciate and help in the project works of final year.",2018-05-01,Shiksha
Saurabh Mohrir | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Pune institute of computer technology review.
 
 Placements: Placement of PICT Pune is good for Computer engineering. For IT and ENTC its a average figure. Morgan stanley, Rakuten are hiring students on big package. Rakuten offers the highest package nearly 40 Lacs per annum and more than 70 students get salary higher than 5 Lacs per annum and TCS, infosys are mass recruiters. They offer 3 Lacs per annum. Internships usually offered in third and final year. As per my knowledge internships are good and upto 17000 you can get stipend. Placement Cell is good and it is improving placement, statistics year by year.
 
 Infrastructure: College campus is small it is approximately 5 acre. It includes mainly classroom buildings and girls and boys hostel. Classrooms are spacious. Labs are also good and well equipted. Library have many books and are well arranged for students. You have to return or renew book within 7 days but you can access library freely. There is reading room above library available for study. Canteen quality is not good and there many options other than canteen is available outside so don't worry about it. Hostel is expensive usually students take flat in group of 4-5 but if you want to take hostel then you may take but it is strict and restricted entry rules.
 
 Faculty: Guys for first year engineering it is very strict. They take all of your energy. Classes from 8-4 and 1 lab each day. All teachers are qualified and teaching is good. They teach as per SPPU syllabus and university guidelines. One teacher is for 67 students nearly that's normal. For first year you have only Techmax in your hands and after that in third year you have industry exposure. First year curriculum is good and include all engineering branches basic knowledge but it is only remembered for your online, and university exams No such interesting application is there.
 
 Other: Events are very less. Credenz is technical event. It is the biggest event. There are lot of competitions are there in coding. NTH is very good and you will enjoy that competition. There is art events like abhivyakyee also. Crowd is good. There are many students of bharti vidyapeeth also. Campus is connected to Pune city, scholarships are available you can check on website also EBC scheme is available.",2018-04-30,Shiksha
Aditi Joshi | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Best and strict college in Pune.
 
 Placements: About 82 companies have visited the college. The maximum salary offered was 30 LPA by Morgan Stanley and the minimum was 3 LPA. About 60% of the students got placed. The internship was offered by various companies followed by PPO for them. The internships are mandatory for everyone.
 
 Infrastructure: The college is pretty much small. It just has 5 buildings. One each for First year, Computers, IT, EnTC and canteen. It has a girls and boys hostel. The classrooms and labs are well occupied with all the necessary infrastructure. The library has all the books followed in the curriculum.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is well versed with the subject they are teaching. The method of teaching was both via projector and blackboard. The faculty is very much helpful. The course curriculum is set up by Savitri bai Phule University which is followed in the college.
 
 Other: The college has fests all year round. A nontechnical fest and 6 technical fests are conducted.",2018-04-26,Shiksha
sravan gangishetti | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Good place if you want study and get placed at good company with nice package.
 
 Placements: This year we had best placements in our college. Previously most of students who were placed were placed at accenture or tcs only with less package. But this year our college jad placements from top companies with very good package. The highest packages offered were from morgan stanley in India and from rakuten in japan. Most of students from EnTC were also placed in niche (above 5lpa) for the first time. The highest package was ffom rakuten of 36lpa in Japan and morgan stanley 16.5 LPA. There are no internship chances in EnTC department. The department doesnot support you for internship. Placement cell is well maintained and supportive.
 
 Infrastructure: College Wi-Fi is available with decent speed. Labs are well maintained with good facilities. Library has good collection of reference books but not big one. There is no ground available in pict. Only basketball and volleyball court is available and one cricket practice NET is present. Canteen management has been changed this year and it too good compared to previous one.
 
 Faculty: Entc is best for its teaching staff. They teach you well but they are strict at the same time. Minimum attendance of 75 is compulsory at any cost or else you need to face some issues before submissions of your term. But you don't get any industry exposure. They just teach you. Course curriculum depends on university of Pune only.
 
 Other: Every year there is only one cultural events and two or more technical events where you can see many students from different colleges coming and they take part in competitions. INC is one of the big project display competition with attractive prizes. Art circle is also very active and they have won last to last year.",2018-04-22,Shiksha
Vikas Sharma | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"It is the best college of Pune University.
 
 Placements: A lot of companies visit the campus for the placements, and the number is increasing every year. About 80% students of my senior batch got selected. The highest paying company was Rakuten. The other big companies in the drive are Morgan Stanley, Avaya, Nvidia etc. So the highest package offered was 40 LPA, and the average package is around 5 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT campus is spread on an area of 6 acres (even too small for a school). College offers only 3 streams computer, IT, E&TC and has a decent infrastructure to fulfil the needs of these 3 branches. Wi-Fi is accessible all over the campus except in classrooms. Labs have plenty of instruments, sufficient for a batch of 20. The library has a good collection of every required book. College does not offer much for your thirst for sports, only a basketball court for outdoor games, 1-2 table tennis tables for indoor are available. Canteen is the worst, I have to have a mess outside.
 
 Faculty: Leaving a few who really have in-depth knowledge of the subjects, the rest of the faculty only read out PPT slides. In the 3 years, I didn't learn much here. The college has strict rules for everything. I feel like it's another school after 12 years of school. If you want to only mug up the subjects and don't want to learn the real things, then come and join us.
 
 Other: We have many (3-4) tech events, some of which are really nice. Events like Credenz, INC, Pulzion are conducted in the college.",2018-04-16,Shiksha
Ashutosh Shinde | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2019,"Very good placements and good faculty members.
 
 Placements: It is one of the known colleges for placements. It offers the highest number of placements in one domain, and high quality of placements opportunities. It provides quality of teaching. The students bring the attention of big IT companies to PICT. Feedback from PICT students placed in various industries is very good.
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is sufficient for studies. College does not have a big sports ground, that is one of the disadvantages of the college. College campus is too small. Other things like laboratories, classrooms, and library are well maintained and good enough.
 
 Faculty: Some of the faculty members are really good at teaching. Some of them do not have the knowledge, but still, they teach. The student-faculty ratio is good enough. They are highly experienced, make the student ready for the industry. Torture is very high, but taking it positively helps the student to learn management and to handle high pressure.",2018-04-12,Shiksha
HYDER ALI Wani | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Creem of Pune we can say for PICT college.
 
 Placements: The placements are awesome for computers and information technology department. I can say that PICT has the best placements across the state and it's a very popular college. Personally, I learnt a lot in my college because teachers are very much cooperative and support the students in every aspect.
 
 Infrastructure: I can say that infrastructure is average like the equipment for practices are old because, its very old college, but they are improving. I can say about the infrastructure, the buildings are very attractive and beautiful views are there, but there is only one problem that the college is situated near the road due to which there is some disturbing environment.
 
 Faculty: The teaching staff is well-qualified overall. The teaching and learning process is very good. Also, the curriculum activities are also present like cultural events, sports, events etc. Always there are sports events once in a month, and also workshops are there once in a week by which students are getting more practical knowledge and practical experience.",2018-04-11,Shiksha
Sandeep Jinkalwad | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"The best college I have ever seen in all aspects.
 
 Placements: Placement of the college is good. The 100% placement. The highest package is 32 lac and the lowest is 2 lac per annum. The MNC companies such as Rakuteen, Morgan Stanely, TCS, Accenture, Atos and many more. Roles offered are Developer, Marketing sector, and many more. The student who want internship must talk to the staff of department. There is a Placement cell in the college which will help you during the placement for the necessary announcement. The stipend that college student has got may be 10 thousand per month during their internship. The placement will be done as per the criteria of the company but most of the companies are MNC that's why they require the first class student that means you must have 60% or above then only you are eligible for the company otherwise you are not. There are companies which will be of no criteria that will take the students who else having below 60%. During placement the students must have to take efforts for getting selected.
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is well and good. The classroom are good. The labs are also well maintained each and every instrument is properly arranged and placed. The college has its Wi-Fi also but you have to register to get the access of Wi-Fi. The library is not so big but essential for those who want to study in library. The library has lots of books for the students I. e, technical as well as non technical. The college has the medical facilities and also the sports but the college don't have the big ground. The quality of the food in canteen is good one and the hostel for both boys and girls is excellent. There is no issue of infrastructure.
 
 Faculty: The teachers are well qualified and full of knowledge. The teachers will help you in every stimulation. The teaching quality is excellent the only thing is you have to attend regularly. The teaching is done by projector and by giving the example and many more. Yes there is industrial visit in 3rd year. This college is useful for computer and IT student because most of the company are software based.
 
 Other: The events are carried out every year in the month of january nad also there are many event carried out by our college. Scholarship is given for every student. College Campus is well and good.",2018-04-10,Shiksha
Rohan Singh | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2017,"Good placements. Average faculty, facilities and infrastructure.
 
 Placements: Placements are good specially for computer and information technology branch students with average of more than 4 lkhs for like 450 students. Top 100 students regularly get more than 7 LPA. Maybe 60-70 students remain unplaced due to lack of interest in placement drive or low marks. Placement cell is very supportive. You won't see many colleges Working that hard for bringing companies to colleges.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure is good if you look in terms of academics. The major downside is we don't have enough space for recreation and sports. We only have one basketball court which is generally brimming with student groups all day. Apart from that all departments have been given enough space for laboratories for different subjects. Canteen is good and it's food is also good.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are very helpful but here attendance matters. Our college gives more emphasis on attendance and theoretical knowledge Rather than practical one. But there are some teachers who can go to any extent for helping you out - either with projects or academic related assignments.
 
 Other: Well college calendar is absolutely filled with events. College has two student chapters- ACM and IEEE who organises small events and seminars regularly. Its main project showcasing event- I&C is one of the biggest technical events of Pune. In sports only one major inter college basketball contest is organised.",2018-04-04,Shiksha
Tejas Mandora | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Satisfied with infrastructure and placement record.
 
 Placements: This year the placement was quite awesome. It was better than last year. The highest package was 17 LPA and the lowest was 3 LPA whereas avg. package this year is 7 LPA. Morgan Stanley, Avaya, Wisdmlabs are some of the companies that visited our campus. The roles offered were technical analyst, QA, and some non technical companies.
 
 Infrastructure: We have Wi-Fi facility available, the classrooms and labs are good and well-equipped. The canteen's food is quite good afternoon changing the staff. The hostel rooms are quite good. They have ample amount of space. The library and reading room are also very well designed.
 
 Faculty: The teachers are well qualified and are extremely talented in their respective subjects. Student to faculty ratio is also quite good. The industry exposure is also good. The teachers have ample amount of knowledge in their fields. The course curriculum was useful.",2018-03-27,Shiksha
Akshay Thorat | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,"Dissatisfied because of faculty, but we have good placements, good infrastructure and facilities.
 
 Placements: A lot of companies come for campus placements, and packages are above average. Almost all the students get placed. The highest package offered is 36 lacs per annum in Japan, and there is a training and placement cell in the college. The training and placement cell is very helpful, and the criteria for most of the companies is that students should have 60% aggregate.
 
 Infrastructure: The college campus is very small as compared to other colleges, and there's no sport except basketball court on the campus. The hostels and canteen are on the campus, and the food quality in the canteen is average. The Wi-Fi is available, but you have to register for it in the college.
 
 Faculty: The teachers of the college are qualified but have very less knowledge. They take every opportunity to harass the students, and it's mental torture to be in this college. The college is very strict, and students have no college life. They all lose their hopes and dreams at the end of completing the curriculum in the college.",2018-03-27,Shiksha
Vaibhav Lohani | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,"Good college for learning and getting a good job.
 
 Placements: Placements were really nice for 2018 batch. A lot of first time visiting companies, most of which are exciting startups visited. Examples can be rackware, ryusi etc. Companies that have been visiting earlier also visited. Almost 70 - 80 % of the students have been placed. Types of roles mainly offered were ( in order of frequency)- software developer/engineer, programmer, business analyst, technology analyst. For a surprise, marketing and sales roles also offered by some companies like byjus and wisdmlabz. Internships provided by the college are not very much. Most of the students look for internships on their own. For 2018 batch, Nvidia and ACI were the only companies that visited for internships, in which some 4 -5 students got internships. The highest package in India was 16 LPA by Morgan stanley and outside India 35 - 40 LPA in japan by Rakuten. Placement cell is present. Now, its efficiency and working depends on the very people running it. This year, the cell was very efficient, managed to attract many companies, and was also managed very efficiently. This can be attributed to the change of leadership and proactive volunteer. The cell is run by volunteers from our batch only. So it depends on them, and so its efficiency can vary every year.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure of the college is average to above average. The basic infrastructure like classrooms and labs are very good. They have good quality computing resources for normal learning (however, they can sometimes be inadequate in final year for large projects). The Wi-Fi provides very good connection speed, but their can be some connection glitches, which are being worked out though. The quality of food in canteens has improved from this academic year (2017) after the caterer was changed. I was a localites, hence can not comment on hostels. Sports is, however, is an area where the college lags. Apart from a basketball and a volleyball court, there is nothing much. Also, the atmosphere here is kind of studious or geeky. So, if you are interested in sports, this is not the best place to be.
 
 Faculty: Teachers vary greatly and you will find each and every kind of teachers. So, it is a difficult thing to generalize. Mostly, teachers are helpful in comp and it departments. Entc department teachers are a little bit strict. Teaching quality is average to good. Teaching is mostly on boards and projectors. The course curriculum is good for building the base of knowledge. The basic and older (some students feel) technologies are more focused. But you will have to learn the latest trends by yourself. The self learning environment is also very good in college. Students can learn a lot is interest groups, events and other such activities where they can interact and develop projects with seniors. A lot of students learn competitive programming as well in these groups.
 
 Other: Many events take place across the year, catering to different interests. Most are technical events, some are cultural. Crowd in the campus is average. College does not provide its own bus for connectivity. So, you will have to use public transport or your own vehicle. Campus surroundings are mostly flats that are accommodated by college students. As bharti vidyapeeth university is also in vicinity, there are a lot of students living in that area and hence a lot of shops and services to serve their interests.",2018-03-25,Shiksha
Amit Shinde | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Good college with great opportunities.
 
 Placements: Excellent placement opportunities. Many companies like Morgan Stanley, nvidia, etc. Visit here who give excellent packages. Internship opportunities are great here. The average package given to a PICT student is always much more than any other college in Pune.
 
 Infrastructure: Decent infrastructure. The maintenance is done from time to time tough the campus is small. Classrooms are decent, every classroom has a projector and well maintained benches. The new IT classrooms are excellent. Laboratory have good computers with the latest hardware.
 
 Faculty: Good faculty with great knowledge about the subject. There are some teachers who are carrying a Ph.D. and have great knowledge regarding the subject, whoes recommendation letter also carries alot of importance. The new faculty that is being recruited also have a good knowledge about the subjects.
 
 Other: Not to many extra curricular activities, focus is given in academics.",2018-03-25,Shiksha
Onkar Wasadikar | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Honest review for our college.
 
 Placements: Placements are actually good compared to other colleges, even COEP. If you want to give interview of every company, just crack the criteria, that is average percentage of all four years. E&TC students can also sit for placements of almost every software company. E&TC placements were not so good until this year. Almost 50+ students got package above 5LPA. Comp and IT placements are always good. And college is taking autonomy from 2018 which will be beneficial. The highest package this year was 42LPA by a Japanese company Mercari. Rakuten also gives packages around 30LPA. Other companies visiting PICT are : Morgan Stanley, Avaya, ittiam, eq technologies, quick heal, Ola, Byju's, FinIQ, HSBC, etc. Deutsche bank also visited this year. You can see placement report of every year on website pict. Edu. Frankly speaking, core electronics companies are Less in number. So electronics students have to go through software companies interviews and compete CS IT students, which they are doing well. We don't get internship for college. Students have to look for them for almost every college. Thank you.
 
 Infrastructure: Frankly speaking the college area is very small compared to every college, even school. But it is kept very clean and neat. Hostels have less rooms but are also good. Don't get depressed after seeing the campus area of our college! Wi-Fi is available in campus and in hostel rooms with good speed. Labs have many equipments, you can perform every experiment that you are learning. Classrooms are like school classrooms, desks are small!
 
 Faculty: Faculty is good. College is very strict about attendance. Teachers are well qualified. They too, attend college regularly. Some teachers are well experienced and we'll qualified. Some have degree of IIT's and have Ph.D. in respective subjects. Some are pursuing Ph.D. HoD's and principal are strict but are very respected ! Yes, we do have industrial visits from second year. 6-7 teachers are there for each subject. Student to faculty ratio is almost 40 : 1. We do have ACM local chapter and IEEE. You may learn alot under them. I honestly suggest you to take part in the events.
 
 Other: College mess is terrible! Ragging is impossible here, don't worry.",2018-03-23,Shiksha
Shubham Mantri | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,"Good placement, academic excellence, helpful faculty, and poor extra curricular activities.
 
 Placements: Good placement, average package of 6 LPA. With a variety of different companies with core non core, banking as well. 70% students placed. Very efficient placement cell. Internship are not provided. 30lpa was max package and 3lpa was minimum. It is about 2017 batch.
 
 Infrastructure: Labs class room are well-equipped. But sports activity are very less. Medical facility is good. Campus is very small. Like shuru hotel hi khatam hojata. Canteen food is like it can be eaten. Hostel facility is good. LAN is provided with high-speed.
 
 Faculty: Faculty is very good and provide good quality teaching. Teachers are helpful, qualified, knowledgeable. 1:40 is student teacher ratio. Industry exposure is good. Yes course curriculum is useful to Carry a good career. And not only good project are provided but assignment are good as well.",2018-03-23,Shiksha
Khushwant Thakare | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Complete satisfaction with the college.
 
 Placements: There are the best placements ever. This year, about 80 companies had visited the college, in which 50 companies are niche companies offering above 5 LPA. It's been a great honour to be a part of it. The college maintains its 100% placement. Companies offering package in the range of from 30 LPA to 3.5 LPA have visited.
 
 Infrastructure: The college has free Wi-Fi for students after registration. Its bandwidth is 100 Mbps which is quite reliable. The college has precious labs and classrooms for curriculum. The college provides good library facilities but is very strict about deadlines. Medical facilities, sports, and games are average. The canteen food is average.
 
 Faculty: All teachers are well qualified. Some teachers are helpful, but some teachers strictly follow the university timetables due to which we could less focus on extracurricular activities. The student to faculty ratio has been maintained quite well. Mostly, PowerPoint presentation is the way of teaching.
 
 Other: INC is the best technical event of the college. Addiction, then some other cultural festivals are held too.",2018-03-14,Shiksha
Ashutosh Upadhyay | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"The college is good with the great placements.
 
 Placements: The placements were much better this year as compared to the previous years. The best part is, at the end of the year, the whole placement statistics are available on the website, and the statistics are totally genuine. The average package this year would be around 6 to 8 lacs per annum and the percentage of placed students may be around 70%.
 
 Infrastructure: The facilities provided in labs are top notch and no complaints whatsoever. The library provides a decent collection of books and journals. The college campus does not have ground for football, cricket, but still, the management makes proper arrangements for respective teams and players to practice. The quality of food in the canteen has been progressive over the four years.
 
 Faculty: Most of the teachers are very qualified, but somehow, they always tend to dominate the students. Hence, the students are sometimes forced to do pressurised work. Still, the quality of teaching is above par, and if we see a span of four years, students get oriented in a positive direction. The availability of teachers and labs are fantastic. The course curriculum is followed according to the University of Pune.",2018-03-13,Shiksha
Koutuk Goenka | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Satisfied with the academics and placements, but it has very poor infrastructure.
 
 Placements: The placements for the year 2016-2017 was very good, and it has increased exponentially from the last 3 years. The training and placements officer is very dynamic and the placements of this year are also very good. The students are benefited a lot if they are taking admission here from placements point of view.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is very poor. The conditions of the laboratory are good, but the area is very small. The sports facilities are very poor, and the college ground is also very small. The mess facilities and canteen are also very bad. The food is of low quality. The student to area ratio is very high where the feeling of crowdy is there.
 
 Faculty: The faculty here is very good concerning other colleges in Pune University. Some teachers are good while some are not so well, but overall the faculty is great. The new faculty which are quite knowledgeable. The student to faculty ratio is 20:1. We get industry exposure sometimes.
 
 Other: The college does not encourage any extracurricular activities. The attendance criteria are also very strict because of which the students are not getting internship benefits.",2018-03-10,Shiksha
Utkarsh Singh | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"One of the best college in Maharashtra for CE/IT/E&TC.
 
 Placements: The students from CSE and IT shouldn't expect anything more, and this is the best you can get. But if you are E&TC student, it is satisfactory, and still, one of the best college in Maharashtra. You don't get many options for core in E&TC companies. If you are willing to join IT industry, just close your eyes and go for it.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is not very big, but if you look ATIT as a 3-branch college, it's enough, but that's just for studying purpose. There are not many facilities for sports and the other extracurricular activities. We have enough classrooms and labs with all the technologies you need. The only area where the infrastructure lagging is sports and games.
 
 Faculty: PICT has the best faculty members in Pune. The ratio is 15 students per teacher has been constant for a long time. The course is a bit tough as you have to study one subject from different stream definitely and these subjects are not the easiest ones. The internal marks are not just for granted, and you need to work hard for it.
 
 Other: The college has everything, and you need to thrive technically. The various events and hackathons are organised now and then. The internships are provided in these events too. The crowd is again much more inclined towards studies and technology. The crowd in our college is good.",2018-03-03,Shiksha
Hemant Dukare | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"If you want to make your Life then this college is perfect. Small college but Brilliant placement.
 
 Placements: Placement is at zenith this year {2017-18} compared with previous year. More than 350+ students are placed and process is still going on. 30 LPA is the highest, the lowest is 3.5 LPA and average is 7-8 LPA. Rakuten, EQTech, Barclay, Morgan Stanley, HSBC, FinIQ, Tech Racers, Avaya, Sementec are companies which offer packages higher than 7 LPA. LTI, TCS, Accenture, Persistent, Cybage, BYJU'S are some of the companies which offer packages between 3.5-5 LPA. There is T&P cell tries to bring best companies and help all students to get placed. Internships are hard to get, but some brilliant students are able to get.
 
 Infrastructure: All Best in class facilities are available right from Wi-Fi Labs, Library, Reading hall open for 18 hours a day, water supply is good, medical facility is provided and even a doctor visits every evening. Class and labs are well maintained obviously. The college is small hence only indoor games such as carrom, TT, chess, facility is available along with basketball and badminton and handball ground. This year the whole canteen contract is change, therefore new caterors are providing good quality food. All kind of food is available except Non - veg. Gym facility is also available for all in the evening. Since college being small in area, there is small space for students to play and enjoy and have fun in evening.
 
 Faculty: PICT is known for its quality education and placement of students with best packages, all credits goes to the teachers for there guidance and help. Here teachers are very qualified and only experienced teachers are present. Teachers teaches in the language with which students are comfortable, no compulsion of English. Teachers use old traditional method of teaching on blackboard along they use projector and PC method. In labs, all teacher use projector and digital methods to teach and they don't leave teacher until he gets the concepts and the student is able to explain. In class 1 teacher for 70 students and in lab 2 ( teacher + lab assistant) for 20 students. Various industry expert visit to share there experience but no Industrial Visit is provided by college. Course curriculum is never sufficient hence this college always emphasis on extra practical /industrial knowledge which they provide by giving access to digital library and online video lectures.
 
 Other: Along with education, there are technical fest every semester and one cultural event in a year. Campus crowd is good. There is bus stand and auto stand right in front of college and also another bus stand in 1 km range. There surrounding is very decent outside college and very food and Book shops are available just outside the college. Scholarships are given to students, I didn't get one so not much idea, but yes college gives the scholarship. Not much support is given to extra curricular activities by the management and teachers but students do take part in various dramas and act and music events which they practise after college hours in the evening.",2018-03-01,Shiksha
Swojas Kulkarni | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2022,"The top engineering college in Pune. An average of 85% placements are there for IT and CSE.
 
 Placements: My college is known for good placements. Rakuten gives the high package. The faculty members are also great. PICT is well known for many aspects like the labs and many others. Only 3 branches are there in PICT, computer science, electronic and telecommunication, and information technology.
 
 Infrastructure: The college has a good infrastructure. The campus is not too large, but it is sufficient. A mess is there. Sports ward is there. There is a separate building for the applied science department. It is near to the road and easy to reach. It is located in the centre of the city. Too many events are arranged like Credenza and much more. No ragging is allowed in the college.
 
 Faculty: There are the best faculty members. Some of them are Mr Bandkar sir for BME subject, Barde mam for EM subject, Gadade sir for EM2, Hiwase sir graphics. The faculty members are very cooperative. For getting a seat in this college, you have to score more than 140 in CER or JEE. The lab of CS is very big and contains so many PCs.
 
 Other: The fest, Karandak is arranged in the college.",2018-02-27,Shiksha
Saurabh Jadhav | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2019,"Best for the passionate software engineers.
 
 Placements: Probably, this college is the best known in Pune. The companies provide max salary package of 36-38 LPA. The lowest salary is of 4.5 LPA. You get the internship call just by cracking the aptitude test. All branches have the placement record of 85-90% means every student with no backlogs will get recruited. In case of Off-course, you need to do some preparation, but follow seniors guidelines they will lead you to glory.
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is okay, and I mean average. Like you are not allowed to use the lifts, but that's not a point of issue. Wi-Fi- service is the best with speed around 600kb to 1.2 Mb, and with the limit 4GB per day of maximum usage. Drinking water with two-three filters per floor and all are maintained clean. Most cleaned campus, you can see the peon, cleaning the campus anytime. New canteen is good, but who has time for it, We have mini FC road in front of our college. The labs are very good and updated every classroom have good benches made in college itself and projector. Reading the hall, it is sometimes get filled during the exams where you have to find another way to study. Librarians are little rude, but you get three books including academics and non-academics for eight days without any cost. IEEE page is freely accessible. Our college is good at fascinating tech events. There is a little bit lack in the sports and gym, we don't have time for that, but college has good players, and provides resources on time. Even though the infrastructure is small and no ground life in college is good and charming.
 
 Faculty: Here comes the main part, people might think it is very reputed college which means the teacher might be excellent in teaching, and that's a rumour don't believe in that. Very strict in FY, then strictness level goes down up to BE and ME. You get better than average teaching staff, but more than 60% of the teachers are just excellent. The faculty is totally teaching in English, but all are Marathi or Hindi, so don't hesitate to ask anything. Overall, the nature of the students and staff are cooperating. The student to the faculty ratio is around 15:1, but not very sure. The teaching varies according to every teacher. So can't say if it is industry-based or knowledge-based.",2018-02-25,Shiksha
Darshan Bari | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2021,"PICT, the first college to start computer engineering in Maharashtra.
 
 Placements: The highest placement is around 30 LPA by Rakuten and Morgan Stanley. The other major placements are by Avaya, Veritas, etc. The average placement by Pune Institute of Computer Technology is 5-6 LPA. This year, a student from IT department got a package of 48 LPA by Rakuten (off-campus).
 
 Infrastructure: There is a separate building for each department, i.e. computer, IT, EnTC and applied science. There is a sports room, gym, and a college canteen and mess. The boys hostel and girl hostel have 43 rooms each accommodating 3 students in each room. There is a basketball court and a volleyball court and table tennis rooms.
 
 Faculty: The teaching staff is one of the best faculty members in Pune. From the first year to the fourth year, the teachers allotted have more than the required amount of knowledge. Some are graduates from the renowned IITs, and they help in every way possible. The faculty are a little more strict than other government colleges.",2018-02-25,Shiksha
Rucha Deshmukh | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Good placements, good infrastructure, Overall Good College.
 
 Placements: The placements for my batch have improved tremendously compared to the earlier batches. The earlier already had a good number of companies coming in for campus recruitments, but for our batch the number of companies have increased. In addition now there's scope for EnTC students to get placed in core companies rather than IT, if they wish. One thing to be noted is our college follows a one company policy.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure in our college is good where academics is concerned. There is not much scope for sports as we have only one basketball court. But, the college does encourage students to participate in inter college sports events. The canteen and hostel facility has improved in our college.
 
 Faculty: The faculty in the Electronics and Telecommunication Dept. Is knowledgeable and sincere. The teaching quality in the dept is good. Discipline is expected from the students. Teachers are regular and expect us to be the same. They are very well qualified. All teachers are extremely helpful.
 
 Other: We have a number of technical fests and one cultural fest in our college. Our college actively participates in Firodiya and Purshottam Karamdak. We have yearly magazine called Pictoreal.",2018-02-23,Shiksha
Rohan Bhagat | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2016,"Overall, it is a good college to study.
 
 Placements: The placements were good enough. 80 percent of the students were placed at least in IT. The highest package received was 32 LPA, given by a Japanese firm. Morgan Stanley, which is an investment banking company, offered Rs. 16 LPA. The lowest salary was 2.5 LPA and the average salary offered is around 3.5 LPA. I'm giving you this data for the academic year 2015-16, while previous year's placement records can be fetched from the college website. Companies like Avaya, Amura, Symantec, Searce, IBM, Accenture, TCS, Diebold, Sungard and many others visited. Most of the roles offered were programmers and in testing. Those who applied for internship from outside got the internship. Our college didn't provide it. I can't say about the stipend offered during the internships. Also, some of the groups approached companies, for sponsoring their final year projects. We have a placement cell. It is useful for providing the information about the upcoming companies and their process of recruitment. It will also conduct a mock written test, GD and PI to get students an idea of the recruitment process.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-Fi is present all over the campus. The labs are equipped with great PCs. The classrooms have projectors and are well maintained. The library consists of thousands of books which comes in handy if you are eager to learn. Overall, the quality of labs, classrooms, and library is well maintained. You'll find them neat and very clean. We have a medical doctor on the campus. The college canteen is not good, but you'll find many restaurants and snacks centres in front of the college. College hostel is present inside the campus and is well maintained, and it has a separate Wi-Fi. You have only one main building in the entire campus in which all the three branches, that is, computer, IT, and E&TC are present. The new building was under construction. But it is not a spacious campus, it is very small.
 
 Faculty: The teachers and faculty members are qualified and are knowledgeable. But, the teaching methods of some of them is not good. You won't understand anything, and you'll have to study yourself. Teaching methods include presentations, theoretical knowledge in class and practical knowledge in labs. Student to faculty ratio is good but not that good. I think my college needs to hire some faculty members. We had an industrial visit in the third year. The course curriculum is useful for the students to enrich the knowledge required for the IT industry.
 
 Other: We have a technical fest Impetus and Concepts, which is one of the best tech fests in Maharashtra. If you like coding and if you want to have other technical skills, you'll love this fest. We have an annual 4-day function, with first three days having a different theme like a traditional day, Halloween day, rose day, mismatch day etc. The campus is surrounded by many food centres and restaurants. Lots of private hostels are present. You can also rent an apartment in the price range Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 15,000. Extracurricular activities include basketball, table tennis, carrom, chess, volleyball and cricket. We only have a basketball ground in which we also play cricket and also volleyball. Since it is a small campus, we had to do that. In the clubhouse building, we have a gym, two tables for table tennis and carrom boards. Since the college is strict in many ways such as attendance, assignments and practical exams, I would not recommend this college to a student who wants a social and fun-loving college. PICT has fun in a nerdy way. So if you're up for a nerdy life and good placement, go for it. You can also get a scholarship or free ship if you apply for TWFS, for which you have to have a good score in the entrance exam or if you are from SC/ST/OBC categories.",2018-02-16,Shiksha
Shubham patil | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2016,"Best college to take admission if you are looking for good placement.
 
 Placements: This is the best college for computer engineering. The placement is best of all, more than 50 companies come for the placements every year. The average package is around 25 LPA. Many reputed companies visit our campus, e.g. Rakuten only visits 2-3 times in a year out of which PICT is one.
 
 Infrastructure: There is a good infrastructure in this college. There are well-maintained labs and classrooms. The canteen is of average quality, and it has a big playground. The classrooms are also good. About 100 students can be spacious reading hall. There is a library with all the required books along with non-technical books.That's all about infrastructure.
 
 Faculty: The best staff which gives the good training about the practicals. The lecturers are having the best knowledge of their subject. Regular lectures are taken without missing any single topic, and the faculty is very punctual in case of time. That's all about the faculty.",2018-02-11,Shiksha
Akash Nandnaware | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"There are really good placements. It is the best college.
 
 Placements: Placement of this college is really good. There are many companies, which visit the college in the entire semester. 88% to 90% students get placement from the college. The minimum package offered was 3.5 LPA, and the maximum package offered was 30 LPA. Many MNCs visit the college, and there are also no criteria companies as well.
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is well maintained. The professional environment is present. There is Wi-Fi in the college. The library of the college is really great, nicely furnished and silence is maintained. There is a perfect environment for study. All the books related to the course or others are available.
 
 Faculty: The faculty of the college are well educated. The ME holders are lab assistants, and PhD holders are professors. The principal of the college holds many achievements, and he is really talented. There is one faculty Nandi sir, who also worked as a scientist in the government organisation.
 
 Other: A cultural festival like Abhivyakti is conducted, where first-year students can show their talent. Addiction fest for BE, farewell parties and many tech fests are also organised at the national level.",2018-02-10,Shiksha
Ankur Mundra | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"The campus is small as it is more focused on the academics and the placements.
 
 Placements: This year, the placement was good as compared to the previous years. More than 50 companies have already visited our campus this year. The average package for this year's placement is above 8 LPA. Even many students got the project internship from our college in good companies such as Nvidia, IBM, etc. The highest salary offered during the placement was 30 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT campus is not that big, but it is sufficient for the students as the college intake is limited to 640 students out of which 240 is of the computer department. The labs are good and well-organised. The sports section of PICT is average. The canteen is good, and the good food is offered. And now there is new girls hostel within the college, which has the luxurious rooms. There is a reading hall above the library, where the students can seat and study.
 
 Faculty: The faculty members in PICT are well-educated and knowledgeable. They all are helpful except one or two. In Pune, PICT has the most efficient and effective teaching in the classroom as well as in the labs. There are regular industrial visits as well for the students to get exposure related to the working environment in the offices. Here, the attendance is compulsory.",2018-02-10,Shiksha
Prasanna Jadhav | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"The placements are awesome, infrastructure is average and the faculty are good but strict.
 
 Placements: The placements are one of the best in Pune. Many MNCs visit PICT every year. A high percentage of students get placed. This year, more than 50 companies have already visited PICT campus including Morgan Stanley, Avaya, Siemens, etc. Many banks also visit the college like Barclays, Credit Suisse, etc.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of PICT is a bit poor. The campus includes only a single canteen and only a basketball court. The facilities provided by the college are good. There are CCTV cameras everywhere to keep a look on all activities. The infrastructure is improving though.
 
 Faculty: The faculty are one of the best in Pune. The faculty are always there to help the students to clear their doubts. They do cooperate with the students. Although they are sometimes a way too strict in terms of attendance, that is due to college's policy and university guidelines.
 
 Other: There are a few events like Credenza and INC which are a must attend. The campus crowd is pretty good. The college connectivity is good overall. The scholarship department is good and very cooperative. The extracurricular activities like Robocon are really awesome.",2018-02-09,Shiksha
Adesh Chhajed | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"PICT just has placements.
 
 Placements: Almost all the students get placement. All the teachers are doing hard work for each and every student to get placed. CS and IT department have good placement. EnTC has good placement because all software companies are visiting here for placement. from this year, training and placement officer is A teacher from EnTC department, so he is trying well to get all the students placed.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is not so good. The campus is too small. The labs are well-equipped and available. Proper instrument is provided. The lab assistant helps too much in labs. They have good knowledge to explain the practicals. In PICT, you will see everywhere computer and laptops and nothing else.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are too good and senior also. Electronics and communication department have well-qualified teachers. They have deep knowledge in their respective fields. EnTC department is too much strict. Seminars are conducted, and industrial visit is also done on a big scale. Industrialists are called to give seminars.
 
 Other: The crowd is good. The events are well arranged.",2018-02-06,Shiksha
Kshitij Kucheria | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,"Great college life, if you know what to export and focus upon then join this college.
 
 Placements: One of the best colleges in Pune, if the placement is the only factor you take into consideration. The average package offered was CTC 8.33 LPA this year up to now, and what more do you want. The training and placement cell has a record of placing students appropriately according to their capability, but you must make a smart choice depending on your interest and expected pay due to the one-job policy.
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is good and has been developing a lot recently. All the labs have good facilities, and there are well-equipped classrooms. The new girl's hostel construction has completed recently. The canteen has good space and is pretty decent. There could be a better auditorium and ground, but the ones present are not that bad.
 
 Faculty: The course curriculum which is followed by both Bachelor of Engineering and Master of Engineering is under the Savitribai Phule Pune University which I guess need to be updated. Also, if all the requirements in the curriculum are as practical as when required, it is a decent one. The college will be an Autonomous Institute from the next academic year which means positive changes are yet to happen here. Most of the faculty is good and helps if you are interested in academics but won't in literally anything apart from that.
 
 Other: The college is in the Bharati Vidyapeeth Blackmarket. This area is very good to live in, and the campus offers access to various food joints nearby. It is easy to get accommodation and good food in the campus area without spending a lot of money. The people from the nearby colleges, VIT and Sinhagad, come here for reasonable food. The college crowd in PICT is excellent. You will get all kind of people to live and make friends around. The people here are from good backgrounds, making it one of the best crowds for a college environment. There are various activities all throughout the year to participate and explore.",2018-02-06,Shiksha
Saurabh Zinjad | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Absolutely satisfied with the good teaching faculty, placements, and the environment for studies.
 
 Placements: The placements are very good here. Around 85-90% of the students among all students get placed. The highest package offered is 36 LPA. The lowest package offered is 3-5 LPA. The average salary for niche companies (Salary above 5.0 LPA) is around 8 LPA and for variant recruiters (Salary Below 5.0 LPA) is above 3 LPA. Companies visited our campus are Morgan Stanley, Avaya, EQ Technology, Ittiam, Symantec, Rakuten, UbiSoft, HSBC, Adobe, Microsoft, Cadence and lots of other companies come here. The roles offered to the students were software engineer, trainee, software developer and hardware developer. PICT have a very efficient placement cell.
 
 Infrastructure: The college provides good facilities like Wi-Fi, labs, classroom, library, and medical facilities. But, no playground for sports purpose. It is a very small college. Only 7 buildings are there, computer department, FE department, IT & ENTC department, Postgraduate Department and a central library, boys hostel, girls hostel, canteen and indoor games room. The quality of labs and classrooms are very good, clean and well maintained. Quality of food available in the canteen is average. The hostel rooms are neat and clean. I didn't face any infrastructure related issues.
 
 Faculty: The teachers are well qualified, veterans, knowledgeable, and very helpful. The teachers also do hard work to convey knowledge to the students. Very effective and good quality of teaching is provided. The course curriculum is useful, they give you education as good as you expected. There is no industry exposure. The student to faculty ratio is fine, 20:1.
 
 Other: The events are very poor. The non-technical events are nothing compared to that you imagine. But, the technical events are very awesome. The campus crowd is not much. The campus is surrounded by local areas. The extracurricular activities are also good. We get good exposure towards arts and other things.",2018-02-06,Shiksha
Suyog Rokade | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2016,"One of the best engineering colleges in Pune.
 
 Placements: It is the best college for the placement. One can easily get placed if he gets good marks. Prefer IT and computer over ENTC. The faculty members are helpful in providing good placement, and Pune Institute of computer technology is among the most popular and most exciting colleges in Pune.
 
 Infrastructure: The labs and buildings are good. Not a big campus. The hostels have a low intake. One can find the place tiny as college's playground and other area is small. But Bharti Vidyapith is near to roam around, and you will get all the connectivity to the college without any problems.
 
 Faculty: It is a good college according to me. The faculty members are very good and well-established ones. You won't feel like you are running out of guidance for your course. Even the lab assistants are well-educated and helpful in almost every scenario. You can bet on the college's curriculum at any time.
 
 Other: Events are good. Not crowded as such. Extra curricular activities are possible as you will be in Pune.",2018-02-05,Shiksha
Mayuresh Warade | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2020,"Good placement provided. Teachers are good and helpful. Competitive atmosphere.
 
 Placements: The placements provided are good. Last year, they were better than COEP. Almost 75% of the students get placed. The college gives higher priority to the placements over the curriculum. But the attendance gives a headache to all the students. At least, the final year students get the time to complete their project work.
 
 Infrastructure: The college has four blocks. Now we have a new infrastructure for the girl's hostel. Maybe they are not as big as you think but it has only one basketball ground. There is a good parking lot for the students and the necessary facilities. The labs are still working on Pentium 2 processor. The entire campus is quite peaceful.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is very strict. 75% attendance is mandatory. It is based on Savitribai Phule Pune University's curriculum. But it is going to become an autonomous institution from the next year. The faculty members give more assignments to the students, but that is good for keeping a good score in the exams.
 
 Other: Not much to tell",2018-01-30,Shiksha
Anmol Bora | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"The best for computer engineering in Pune, the best placements, and an outstanding experience.
 
 Placements: The placements are one of the biggest plus points of PICT. This year, all the previous records were broken with more than 300 students placed in nice companies (minimum 5 LPA CTC). Last year, almost 85% students got placed in campus placements, but, this record might as well be broken this year. I am sure that the placements will further increase in the coming years.
 
 Infrastructure: People might say that PICT is smaller when compared to other colleges. Actually, it is enough because PICT offers only 3 branches. Recently, a research lab consisting of 50+ computers was inaugurated where we can carry out our projects. These computers contain GPUs which are required for faster processing. A new hostel was built for girls which I am sure is loaded with facilities. Wi-Fi is accessible anywhere on the campus. The canteen is good and pretty affordable.
 
 Faculty: I can speak for the computer department. All the professors I have come across are quite friendly. Because of the 75% minimum attendance policy, we have to attend lectures. These lectures are interesting as professors make use of videos to explain a difficult concept. Most of the teachers are pursuing PhD which is very helpful for the students who need a letter of recommendation in future. Various seminars and workshops are arranged by the professors which greatly influence the students.
 
 Other: One of the best event in Pune, Credenz, is organised by PISB (PICT IEEE student branch). Almost 10,000 students from/outside Pune attend the event. Various competitions are held in this event ranging from technical to non-technical.",2018-01-27,Shiksha
Ashish Mokashi | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Guarantee of placement, great study environment and exposure to various technologies.
 
 Placements: The placement cell is very hard-working, and they care about the students. The highest package offered is around 20 LPA, and the lowest being 3 LPA. Roughly one-third of students have B.Ed placed for package above 5 LPA, which amounts to 200 students. There is a significant increase in the placement rate from last year to this year. Around 40 companies have visited the campus, and they offer for associate engineer profile, but some of them have also offered marketing profile with a good package, like Byju's at 9 LPA. The students also have opportunities for doing the internship in the companies like Nvidia, NTT data, and get sponsorship for their BE project by companies such as BMC software and GS labs.
 
 Infrastructure: One of the aspects which needed to be improved in our college significantly is the infrastructure. The labs are excellent, and there isn't any lack of basic facilities, but there is nothing else apart from these facilities. There's a basketball court, 3-4 academic buildings, canteen and 2 hostels. The campus is small, 6 acres to be precise.
 
 Faculty: There is nothing much a college can do towards the curriculum when it comes to a particular University. But faculty for all the branches is very knowledgeable and great. They work hard for the betterment of the students. Various seminars and workshops are conducted for the students, and we get good industrial exposure through those. The attendance is taken very seriously and results are very good.
 
 Other: There are 2 tech fests each year in the college (credenza and CTD) and they are well known to all. There is an annual cultural event called Addiction, and an event called INC, which is also held every year where BE projects are on display.",2018-01-27,Shiksha
Harshal Suryawanshi | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"The college is high on the placements, and low on the fun.
 
 Placements: PICT is doing well regarding the placements in Pune. It is one of the top grosser in Pune when you consider the placements offered. The highest package offered in the year 2016-17 was around 30 LPA, while the average pay was 8 LPA. The students get a lot of choices as many national and international firms come here for the placement drive throughout the year. From Morgan Stanley to TCS, the options are abundant for the students. The training and placement office of PICT takes a lot of efforts for preparing the students right from the first year. However, the one thing to note is that the students from E&TC branch have to take up the job in IT companies as no core companies come here.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT lacks the minimum infrastructure required for carrying out all the activities. The classrooms and the labs are apt, but it falls back regarding the sports facilities. We have only one basketball court and volleyball court on the campus. There is a small gym. The Wi-Fi speed is average, and it fails occasionally. The hostel rooms are good but strict. The canteen is big and serves limited options, but the quality is good.
 
 Faculty: The college follows Savitri Bai Phule Pune University. The faculty members are extremely professional and knowledgeable. A lot of the faculty members can't speak proper English. The strict staff is the norm at PICT. They want you to be perfect while doing the assignments and the stuff. It can be a torture for the students.
 
 Other: The events keep on going around the year in PICT. There are many student bodies/associations like ACM, PISB, ART CIRCLE, ROBOCON, TEDx NSS, and much more on the campus. So, you will always find some activity going on in the campus. The crowd is great. Most of them are nerds that sit around the campus and keep coding in their laptops. Though the campus is small, it is beautiful and lively. Just outside the campus, there are many food joints to chill out.",2018-01-25,Shiksha
Piyush Bhalekar | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2016,"A good place to learn for Computer and IT engineers
 
 Placements: Got placed in Cybage through campus placement. Off-campus opportunities are good and open for most of the PICT students. On-campus placements are really good ranging with different companies with different packages. Around 20-30 companies come every year to hire computer, IT and Entc engineers giving decent packages.
 
 Infrastructure: Just adequate infrastructure for the students. Small campus with general facilities like canteen, basketball court, small auditorium, etc. Computer labs are good. Internet connectivity is good with very good reading hall and library, specifically digital library.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are quite knowledgeable, with good intentions to teach and solve the queries of the students. The course curriculum is quite good which helps you out in industry standards. The learning practices for coding and assignments are really helpful when you come out for industry experience.",2018-01-24,Shiksha
Shardul Samdurkar | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Awesome placements, small campus, average campus life.
 
 Placements: The placements of our senior batch were quite good. Around 83% of the students were placed. This year, the placements are even better. Many nice companies like Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, Barclays, Toshiba, Rakuten, Finiq, Byjus, Ola, etc., and other companies like TCS, Accenture, LnT Infotech, Atos, Persistent, Capgemini, Yari, Sophos, etc. visited our campus. This year, around 350 students are already placed. Nvidia has also offered internships in our college. This year, the average salary is around 7.5 lacs per annum.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus of our college is quite small. The labs and classrooms are well-equipped. The library facility is one of the best in colleges of Pune. There are hostels for boys and girls in the campus. The canteen and its food are of good quality. The sports grounds include only one basketball court and a volleyball ground which serves multiple purposes.
 
 Faculty: Some of the faculty are very qualified and good in teaching, while some are not up to the mark. The faculty and the college are very strict in terms of assignments and attendance. The college also arranges some industrial visits, and also, many workshops are organised. The course curriculum is according to the Pune University.
 
 Other: There are many technical events in the college like Pulzzion, Scientia, Credenz (2nd the largest technical event in Pune), and also, there is one cultural event called Addiction, these are the best things about the college.",2018-01-23,Shiksha
Deep Dabare | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2015,"An awesome university to get your degree from and secure a great position in the industry.
 
 Placements: The institute is known for its placement figures. It always has more than 90% of the placements with an average package of 3.5 - 4.5 LPA. Recently, big names in the industry have also shown up viz Siemens, and Zomato. Students from CSE and IT department are most likely to get placements in their fields. Just the EnTC students have to fight more for their specific companies.
 
 Infrastructure: The beauty of the college lies in its compact infrastructure. As the number of faculty members is only 3, the infrastructure is adequate to occupy that much. The library gets more importance due to the digital library concept acquired. The huge classrooms with projectors count the efficient teaching-learning process. Sports has special attention, and the campus also has fields dedicated to basketball, table tennis, chess, and carrom. A large parking space is there too.
 
 Faculty: The teachers present here are either enough or more than enough qualified for the courses they teach. Teachers have enough industry experience which helps the students to learn the exact requirements of the industry. The teaching is therefore very much satisfying. The interactive teaching method is followed by all the faculty members.
 
 Other: The location of the college is so perfect that students get access to all the things and shops required. Right from food, stationery, sports, everything is just outside the campus. The college is very much active in extracurricular activities and fun fests, tech fests.",2018-01-23,Shiksha
Mahesh Somani | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"PICT is a creative and a supportive college.
 
 Placements: The placement for any branch in PICT is at the top in Pune. Approximately 80% to 85% placement rate is followed in PICT. E and TC branch follow most placements about 84%. The computer and IT branches also have a placement rate of 80% to 84%. Even though the placements in here are more, the students are still not able to get high salary job.
 
 Infrastructure: The Infrastructure of the hostel is the best. Many facilities like Wi-Fi, gym, open gym, hot water, playroom and TV hall are provided. There are three students in a single room. We pay Rs. 22,000 per year. The hostel food is quite good. Can't say that it is bad, but they can do better than this.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is very good. Their teaching is good, and the lectures are taken regularly. Some teachers were the NIT and the IIT students, so they give us extra knowledge about the industries and the practicals. They have the experienced and cool staff. They are the silent and co-operative staff. The strictness is followed in the first year. But the thing is that all the things are done by ourselves in the college only. So the studying at home is not necessary.",2018-01-14,Shiksha
Somesh Phulari | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2016,"Better place to study, learn new things, explore new things and easily get placed.
 
 Placements: For the computer science, information technology, electronics and telecommunication, PICT is the best college regarding the quality education with best placements in all over Maharashtra. It is the best place to get placed easily in this college. Nearly every year 60 or more than 60 MNC companies visit the college to hire almost all the students. The package offered is around 3 lacs to 40 lacs per annum, in and about the average of 5 lacs per annum. Top core companies which visit the campus is Morgan Stanley, TCS, Accenture, Cognizant, Amdocs, Thoughworks, Rakuten and many more.
 
 Infrastructure: The college campus is not much big. The crowd is less. The college has only 3 branches they are computer science, IT and E& TC, but the infrastructure is nice. You get all the facilities related to the study and all. The college has no cricket ground. Only small basketball court and volleyball court are available. The classrooms are good but not having AC facility. The canteen food is average. The students mostly prefer outside food, as outside food of the college is delicious and you will have many options. The hostel is very good and silent, but one restriction for the hostel is you have to eat the canteen food mandatorily in the canteen itself if you're staying in the college hostel. The hostel fee is around Rs. 90 thousand per year, it's better not to stay in the college hostel. The library is awesome.
 
 Faculty: The faculty members are very good and knowledgeable, all have pursued the postgraduate or PhD degree. The teaching is nice in the college. One main drawback in the college, it is very strict. You have to attend the college for 75% attendance mandatorily. If not you will face many problems.
 
 Other: All the things are best, but you have to study hard from the first day of the college. One of the strict college from the university particularly in the first year the college is strict, in the last year you need not attend the college. It is the best place to learn and easily get placed. So enjoy the days to study hard or smart whatever but clear everything and the world is yours.",2017-12-11,Shiksha
Rajat Pathak | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"One of the best colleges in Maharashtra offering above average placements.
 
 Placements: PICT is quite well known for its placements in Pune. For the 2018 batch, the highest package was 16.5 LPA offered by Morgan Stanley. The lowest salary offered is around 3 LPA. The average salary offered is around 4.5 LPA. Due to university restrictions, very few internships are offered.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT is a small college hence there are not many facilities in the college. But the quality of labs, classrooms and internal infrastructure is excellent. Free wifi is provided throughout the campus. There is a basketball and, volleyball court, however, the college takes part in all sorts of competitions including cricket and football.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is highly experienced and qualified. Various teaching methods are adopted like presentations, quiz and standard board teaching. ndustry exposure is provided in terms of industrial visits. However, it is not sufficient and needs improvement. The course curriculum is based on Pune University, it has a strong foundation on basics. However, it can be updated based on ongoing trends and technologies.",2017-12-05,Shiksha
Suyog Bhise | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2017,"It's a great college- better than other colleges in Pune but the campus is tiny.
 
 Placements: The placements are pretty decent. The students get packages of 3-7 lakhs. More than 10 companies offer packages more than 10 lakhs. So, the placements are good. The highest this year was by Rakuten which offered 30 lakhs. The lowest salary is 3 lakhs. Morgan Stanley offers 16 lakhs. Barclays and other companies also offer great packages. Awaya is giving 12 lakhs.
 
 Infrastructure: Decent infrastructure. Wi-Fi facility is available in the reading hall. The labs are well equipped and maintained. The quantity of food in the canteen is not great though. The hostel is average but you have to pay more for that. For that amount of money, you will get a good flat outside.
 
 Faculty: Some faculty members are strict. But everyone is helpful, except for a few. The qualifications are good. Some of them are PhD holders. Everybody uses presentations to teach. One might not get industry exposure. The course curriculum is not that helpful as the syllabus is under Pune University. But now the college is autonomous, so let's hope for a change for the new batches.",2017-11-27,Shiksha
Toshal Agrawal | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2020,"Small stature but great height in education
 
 Placements: The placements here are quite good. The placements in this college are equivalent to COEP, Pune. The highest placement from Pune last year was from our college. Also, more companies have started visiting this year than the previous year. The average salary offered last year was 5.0 lacs per annum and the lowest salary offered was 3.0 LPA. The highest salary offered was 36.0 LPA from a Japanese company Rakuten. Morgan Stanley and Barclays are among the top paying companies while Infosys and Accenture are among top recruiting companies.
 
 Infrastructure: The library of the college is decent. A Wi-Fi network is present in the library. Labs are also well-maintained. There is a high-speed Ethernet network present in a college giving speed up to 100 Mbps. The hostel accommodation is also quite good. Basic facilities like washrooms and a water purifier are present on every floor. The food quality is also good. The college lacks in sports. There is only one basketball and volleyball ground there.
 
 Faculty: The faculty team here is quite knowledgeable and experienced. The curriculum is strictly followed by the college. Right from attendance to lectures, everything is taken seriously. The faculty team encourages you to pursue knowledge apart from the syllabus. The student to faculty ratio is also quite good.",2017-11-27,Shiksha
Mahesh Somani | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Absolutely satisfied because of very good placements and faculty, the infrastructure doesn't matter
 
 Placements: The placement at PICT is at its best. The one of the best institute in Maharashtra according to the placement scenario. The placement for ENTC is the most in percentage than other branches in PICT but still, the ENTC students are unable to get higher value packages with respect to computer or IT students. For ENTC, the placement is about 80-85%.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of PICT is the only boring thing. The campus is too small in comparison with its reputation but still, it is able to provide all facilities except a big playground. The college has only a basketball court and a volleyball court. The gym at PICT is also not having enough facilities.
 
 Faculty: The faculty at PICT is best and trained. Every teacher has some experience before entering in PICT. Students get bored sometimes but the faculty members are like do all your work on time in the college only. These give advantages that need not require studies at home. The schedule is strictly followed by everyone in college. The teacher support when needed is more than sufficient. Other than the syllabus, many more things we get to learn from faculty members.
 
 Other: The senior support is very good. The college is far away from things like ragging and all. The crowd at PICT is must viewable during college days and #ADDICTION days. The students do not get bored because of the crowd at PICT and the silent, cool zone in the evening for walks.",2017-11-27,Shiksha
Athang Mundada | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Small campus with a big heart!
 
 Placements: The placement scenario in PICT is quite good. Every year, big companies like Rakuten, Microsoft, Google visit the college. The average package is above 4 LPA, while the highest being more than 40 LPA every year. Currently, if you compare the placement scenario in PICT with other colleges in Pune, then you'll find that this college has got the best placements in the city.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is really small. You can literally walk down the entire campus and not even feel a bit tired. The classrooms and labs are well-maintained with all the necessary equipment. In sports-wise, the college lags a lot. There is only one basketball court on the entire campus which is used for everything, besides basketball. The canteen also lags in quality, though you'll find a great and cheap food, near the college. The hostel rooms are also great, but its capacity is very less.
 
 Faculty: This college falls under Pune University. The faculty is excellent (the best under P.U. ). The professors are well-qualified with some of them graduating from top colleges in India. They are really helpful and are always willing to share their knowledge with the students. The student to faculty ratio is pretty low too.",2017-11-20,Shiksha
Ankit Gupta | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2016,"A review on my engineering college.
 
 Placements: Only a few students from the college got placed in the top companies, while the rest were placed with smaller packages, in companies like TCS and Accenture in the range of about 5-6 lakhs per annum. The good companies that visited the college were Stanley Morgan, Rakuten, Barclays, Mu Sigma, and Symantec. The average package offered would be 6-7 lakhs per annum. The highest package offered, was by Rakuten of 36 lakhs per annum.
 
 Infrastructure: The college has a decent looking campus, although it was not that huge. There were computer labs, electronic labs, large classrooms, a library where you can study for the whole day. There were five floors in total, and the IT department was on the top floor. The computer science department and electronics department were connected within the building, through a passageway.
 
 Faculty: The faculty of this college are well-qualified, and they have a huge knowledge, which dwells into practicality. They are willing to impart knowledge, provided you are eager to learn. There is a young crowd of budding faculty being mentored by the experienced faculty, who have been there for many years.",2017-11-20,Shiksha
Gaurav Padgilwar | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2014,"PICT is both heaven and hell. It's on you to select one of the sides.
 
 Placements: The placements, as well as the number of opportunities they provide, are good. If you make little efforts, you will get a placement for sure. For E&TC, the packages are not up to the mark but for other branches, they were very good. Around 40-50 companies visited the campus in 2014. I don't know what is the current status.
 
 Infrastructure: A small campus but it was up to the mark. But we had to compromise with sports. You would have to play every game on the basketball court. They didn't support much until we were in the final year. So if you have any aspiration for sports then it is not a good place to go.
 
 Faculty: Good faculty. The bad thing was the unproductive assignments they give. Some of them were very good and the rest were so-so. They just boasted about themselves. You will learn most from your peers. But you would learn a lot at PICT. Their staff is better than rest of the colleges.",2017-08-26,Shiksha
Chinmay Chhajed | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Overall, good but too strict.
 
 Placements: 81% of the students who were there for placements got placed. More IT companies came to our college, so most of the E&TC students also get placed in IT companies. The highest package was given by Ittiam at around 8 LPA. Other companies with high packages were eQ Technologies, ThoughtWorks and FinIQ.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT has a small campus. There is a high-speed Wi-Fi connection which is accessible by students across campus. There is also a canteen and outside it a bakery shop where we can buy cakes to celebrate birthdays. There are a lot of shops outside to eat.
 
 Faculty: Currently, it follows Pune University's mentioned syllabus but soon, it will become autonomous. Here some faculty members are strict but most of them are lenient. They follow the rule of 75% attendance which is monitored strictly. Our H.O.D. is a knowledgeable person but he is also a bit strict. There are many Ph.D. holders who teach in PICT.",2017-08-12,Shiksha
Laykumar Patel | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"A brief summary of life at PICT.
 
 Placements: Placements from PICT (name of the college in short) is something that attracts many students. The average salary of PICT is very good (around 4-5 LPA). Companies visiting campus are also multinational companies. There are a lot of chances of getting placed in a good company with a decent package. Rakuten is the highest paying company with a package of 35 LPA and the minimum package is offered by TCS at 3.5 LPA. The college does support and facilitate searching of internships but only allows third-year and final-year students to pursue these.
 
 Infrastructure: There are only 2 outdoor sports possible on the PICT campus- basketball and volleyball. PICT lacks space for sports i.e. the campus is small. But, what it lacks in space, it more than makes up for it with other facilities. There are boys and girls hostels on the campus which I will rate as better than most. Hostels are equipped with individual broadband connections in each room with very high-speed internet ( I've downloaded torrent files at 9.5 MBps). The whole college is connected by Wi-Fi but you have to register for using the college Wi-Fi. All the labs are well-equipped and all software labs are also connected via high-speed Internet. After the recent change in canteen catering, the PICT canteen serves one of the best canteen food I have had. There are lots of other options for eating as well.
 
 Faculty: My experience with faculty members was very good. There is like a little partition in the faculty. Some professors are young and have recently joined and the other group is of senior faculty members who have a minimum of 10 years of teaching experience. I would advise you not to misbehave with any of the faculty as it may affect your grades (in a negative way of the course). The student to faculty ratio is around 30:1. The faculty team is well-qualified and possesses ample knowledge to clarify all the doubts. The attendance is a major criteria at PICT. You need to maintain 75% attendance no matter what or else you will have to face quite a few troubles. Assignments are a curse for students. Each semester contains an unimaginable number of assignments. There are extra assignments as a form of punishment. But, in the end, it is all done for the students. Once you attend the lecture and complete the assignment, you don't need to study it again. PICT has a tie-up with many companies which have set up labs here to increase the industry exposure.",2017-07-21,Shiksha
Aditi Bobde | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Good in placements, great faculty, small campus, over strict.
 
 Placements: Most of the people get placed. In ENTC, placement packages are low because it's a core branch. So starting packages are low. But packages are high if one applies for coding & software jobs. Packages may vary from 3 lac to 30 lac & most of the crowd gets placed. The ones who aren't placed is mostly because they went for post graduation or didn't take a job intentionally.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure isn't great. The college is small but it is clean, green & maintenance of the campus is great. There is a girls hostel & boys hostel & mess in the campus itself. Girls hostel is really great & same for boys' hostel. The mess is also good 'currently'. There is a basketball ground (not very large) on the campus. Labs & classrooms are well equipped & in really good condition.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is awesome is teaching terms although there are few exceptions, that's very rare. Teachers here have a great knowledge & the course curriculum is vast. It follows Pune University course curriculum. Teaching methodology is more like in schools. Nerds will love this place. There are 70-75 students in each class. We don't get much industry exposure here.
 
 Other: Over strictness. Sometimes you may feel like a jail. Attendance is compulsory. Not a place for creative people who focus more on practical knowledge than bookish. Boring. Too much competition. College is great for computer engg. If you are taking admission here, all the best.",2017-07-02,Shiksha
Rajat Raghuwanshi | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2019,"PICT - Awesome placements in a very small campus.
 
 Placements: This year, the placements were overall good. Placements are usually divided into 2 categories- Group I) Above 5 LPA; Group II) Below 5 LPA. This year, the average salary for Group I was 8.23 LPA which included companies like Morgan Stanley, Avaya, Thought Works, Rakuten, etc. The average salary for group II was 3.54 LPA which included some mass recruiting companies like TCS, Accenture, L & T, etc. You can view the placement statistics in the official website of PICT i.e. http://pict.edu/placement/
 
 Infrastructure: PICT has got many facilities available in a very small campus. The campus is very small but has a cricket practice net, a gym, a volleyball court, basketball court, parking area, canteen, hostels, medical facilities, library and college buildings. Wi-Fi facility is available for students who have registered for the same by providing the MAC address of their devices. Each classroom is equipped with digital learning facilities and each Lab has around 25 computers with required software. Hostels are good. The library is well equipped with books. Digital library and reading halls are also present here.
 
 Faculty: Attendance is compulsory here! Everyone has to strictly keep their attendance above 75% here even in the 3rd year. Pune Institute Of Computer Technology comes under Pune University and follows the same curriculum. Here, some faculty members are helpful as well as knowledgeable. They will help you in every way they can if you go with your problems to them. Each class has around 70 students in it. Teachers generally use digital presentations to teach.
 
 Other: The college is great for placements but you need to attend college regularly here. Hostel intake for students is very less, so you need to live outside the college in private hostels or flats. Many different types of food items available for eating nearby. The crowd here is good too.",2017-06-26,Shiksha
Bhushan Parakh | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2015,"Best for computer science in Pune.
 
 Placements: The college placements are really commendable. Approximately 30-40 companies visit the campus. The average salary package is 5-6 lacs. Also, high paying companies like Rakuten, Morgan Stanley, and Nvidia also come for recruitment. Chances are good for electronics and telecommunication students as well to get placed in IT companies.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure-wise, the college is not that good but we have a small campus i.e. 5 acres with 3 departments-IT, COMP, E&TC. The labs are well equipped with all the necessary facilities and the library has abundant books and reference material. The college has minimum facilities for sports and the hostel has limited entries.
 
 Faculty: The faculty members in all the 3 departments are good with the latest and practical knowledge of the technical subjects. The faculty members recommend reference books and also teach ftom those only. The practicals conducted by the professors are very helpful to cope up the theory part. The college is affiliated to Pune University and the curriculum is as per the guidelines of univerisity. But mind me, it's worth studying.
 
 Other: This is the best college for computer science where you can explore numerous things and will get many opportunities. The college placements are very good.",2017-06-24,Shiksha
Onkar Kokate | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2019,"Thoroughly satisfied by the quality of education.
 
 Placements: The placements are always up to the mark. Most of the companies visited the campus in the first semester itself, the TPO and other staff members are very co-operative and concerned about the placements. The TP cell also provided a lot of interactive training sessions for students directly with the industry persons and HRs. This helped them in cracking the interview and getting their dream job.
 
 Infrastructure: The Wi-Fi facility is pretty good, each and every member of the college have been assigned with their UID and password for accessing internet services. The labs and classrooms are well maintained and are regularly cleaned on a daily basis. Sports and games in PICT have a bit of lower hand as more importance is given to academics.
 
 Faculty: The faculty teaching and non teaching as well is very co-operative and they are always up for the students. The teaching and assessment is also very good. The main concern is that the course curriculum which is obviously set by the SPPU, doesn't meet the requirements of the particular companies. But after a couple of years, the college is going to become autonomous and it will be benefit for the college and the students most importantly.",2017-05-24,Shiksha
Someshwar Phulari | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2016,"Excellent college for dedicated students towards the technology who studies practically
 
 Placements: PICT is famous for college placement. More than 50 companies come for the college placements. If you're technically sound, then definitely you'll get more than 5 lacs per annum CTC. No matter what your cgpa or percentage is, the only the thing that matters is your practical knowledge and your coding skills. Overall placement for my senior batch about more than 80%. All are placed in top MNCs. The highest package is of 36 lacs per annum by Rakuten Inc. The company hired about 18 students from my batch and the lowest is 2.6 lacs by Tech Mahindra. The average package is around 4 lacs per annum. I don't know all the company names but I'll mention some top companies- Rakuten, Amdocs, Thought Works, Nvidia, Symantec, IBM, TCS, Accenture, Cybage, Gslab, Morgan Stanley, Vuclip, Pubmatic, etc. Most of the students are assigned developer roles and few are assigned analyst roles. For internship, some will come to the college at the starting of the final year. L3cube is the best for internship and the stipend offered is around Rs. 20000, 5000, 2000, etc.
 
 Infrastructure: .As the college is famous for its placements only, you should not expect any facility regarding sports. The college is totally for studious students. All labs having 247 LAN connectivity. Wi-Fi is also there. But in labs, all used the LAN facility for internet. Talking about the labs, all labs having proper systems. One lab assistant will be there for each lab, who helps in all concerns regarding the lab. The college library is not that big but as per the strength of college, it's good enough. It has 247 Wi-Fi facility. The library is open from 8 am to 8 pm, and during exam time, it extends till 12. The quality of classrooms and labs is awesome. You'll be satisfied with the quality of the classrooms. Canteens are not that good. The same goes for hostel facility. The hostel is not value for money. The college has gym facility also where a trainer is available.
 
 Faculty: The faculty members are helpful only if you showcasing something. If you simply go and ask doubts, they won't entertain. All faculty members are highly qualified. For teaching, they used the chalk-board method, as well as ppt presentation. Industry exposure is there, as every month, some experienced person would give an expert lecture.",2017-05-05,Shiksha
Rohit Barde | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Not upto the expectations but the quality of students admitted are excellent.
 
 Placements: The placement was good compared to other university colleges of Maharashtra. Nearly 83% of the students got placed in different companies. The highest salary offered was 36 lacs PA with the lowest being 3.00 lacs PA and an average salary of around 7 lacs PA from 50 different companies that visited. Companies like Rakuten, Morgan Stanley, EQTechnologies, Avaya, Symantec etc visit the campus every year. Rakuten offered the highest salary of 36 lacs to 19 students from the college. Roles offered to students mainly includes the developer role and they were selected mostly on the basis of their BE project. Internship opportunities in this college are very low. There are strict rules for attendance and other assignments.
 
 Infrastructure: Facilities are very good. Computer labs are well-equipped with very high-speed Internet and with very good assistance. The sports facilities are the worst because the college is spread only in 5 acres of land so they have only a basketball court and each year, only an inter-college basketball tournament is held. The experience with the hostel is good but the canteen food is the worst. There are not much of options with the lack of management. I do not even remember going to canteen this year. There are not so many places to hangout because the whole place is concentrated with tall buildings, a basketball court and two hostels. Classrooms are conditioned and you always feel fresh while attending it.
 
 Faculty: The faculty team is good and supportive. Some of the new teachers are not yet experienced. Most of them have done PhDs in their subject but they lack in delivering it. Teaching methods are not very different from the regular teaching. But teachers always encourage us to learn out of the syllabus and do research on other things rather than just giving exams at each semester. Nearly 10-15% students opt for masters in the US from our college and we have a strong reputation in US universities.
 
 Other: Overall, a good college (except IITs) for those who really want to have a good job and go abroad for studies and can divert their minds from their usual hobbies. Our college has a good reputation in acting, cricket and coding competitions. Many events are being held in which you can participate or organise. The most important thing is that the seniors are very good and helpful. They always encourage you and keep you motivated.",2017-04-18,Shiksha
Shubham Khedekar | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2016,"Best of Placements, Faculty, Infrastructure makes every penny spent on PICT worth it.
 
 Placements: PICT has a brand name that you get labelled with once you pass out and you can feel its value and power when you go for pool campuses or when you talk to Industry professionals. PICT is known for producing top computer engineers that are needed to leverage company performance and industry output. The placements were respectable and good compared to other colleges in Pune and given current market scenario with average salary offered being INR 7.3 Lakhs , highest going up to INR 38 lakhs and lowest being INR 3 lakhs. Average placement percentage being 84%. The specialty of 2015-16 placement was majority EnTC students getting placed in top companies with packages in brackets above INR 5 lakhs. If you wish to confirm and know more details about previous placement reports check: http://pict.edu/placement/
 
 Infrastructure: The college infrastructure is highly advanced in terms of Library facilities which has nearly 35000 books and large number of periodicals and journals to read. One of the most advanced E-Library with thousands of E-Books, E-Reports, E-Journals, E-Magazines from trusted and noteworthy publication houses like IEEE, McGraw-Hill, J-Gate, NPTEL video library, special lecture series from IIT Kharagpur professionals and many more facilities. The classrooms are perfect for students with sufficient and good quality infrastructure. The campus is Wifi-enabled, medical facility is available and sports and recreation facilities also being looked after with great care. All in all the college provides an infrastructure that is worth the expenditure.
 
 Faculty: The faculty are co-operative and experts in their domains. Majority of the staff is either PHD certified or is in the process of getting a PHD certification. The quality of teaching is excellent and if the student is ready to work hard and complement the faculty teaching then the results are bound to be encouraging and positive. As PICT comes under Pune University, the curriculum followed by the college from first year to fourth year is same as prescribed by University of Pune. The course curriculum is pretty balanced with new technologies based on changing industry demands and basics needed for learning those new technologies. All in all the faculty and curriculum followed are perfect complements.",2017-04-05,Shiksha
Shirley Kotia | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2017,"Good placements, infrastructure and social environment.
 
 Placements: The placements are pretty good. Maximum placement given is by Rakuten and is about 34 LPA. 80 to 90% people are usually placed at the end of the year. There are dream companies giving 10 to 30 LPA as well as mass recruiters giving 3 to 10 LPA. The roles offered are that of a software developer, quality analyst and data scientist. Internships are encouraged in the final year.
 
 Infrastructure: The Wi-Fi is pretty good but only for education purposes. Labs and classrooms are well-equipped. Sports is not encouraged that much. The library is good. The canteen is average but there are plenty of places to eat outside the campus. The hostel is well equipped but you have to compulsorily take canteen subscription which is bad and only 35 people are accommodated in the hostel.
 
 Faculty: The faculty is helpful in terms of academics. All of them are qualified and knowledgeable. They use PPTs and good teaching aids. The student-faculty ratio is 70:1. Industry exposure is very less. The course curriculum gives theoretical knowledge. Internships can be used for getting industry exposure but we need to manage college and internship together. No credits are given for that. A maximum of 25 days off will be granted for internship purposes.
 
 Other: All in all, it's a great college and you get to learn a lot. Placements are good and teachers are helpful. Keep good contact with your seniors for any help. They will guide you for the project related details and how to prepare for interviews. Also, a lot of seminars are conducted by esteemed personalities regarding various academic topics as well as career guidance.",2017-03-16,Shiksha
Anagha Murtarkar | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Satisfied because of faculty and good placements in previous years.
 
 Placements: In our previous batch i.e those who have completed their BE in 2016, 90% of students got placed. The highest package was 33 lakhs offered by Rakuten (Japanese company). The lowest package was around 3 lakhs. The average salary was 7 lakhs that year. Companies like Avaya, Morgan Stanley, Rakuten, Thoughtworks, Accenture, Sokrati, Persistent, TCS, ION, Pubmatic etc visit every year. But the percentage of placements is decreasing day by day. Also, internships were offered by NTT Data (Japan), IBM etc. The percentage of internships offers is increasing.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-fi is only in the labs. You have to register for phones and laptops but no one usually does that. Classrooms, library are good. The campus is very small. Food in the canteen is not that good. Hostel rooms are quite good. You may not get that much exposure in sports and games. Overall campus is too small otherwise its good.
 
 Faculty: Some of the faculty members are very good and knowledgeable but at the same time, some have very less knowledge. The staff is quite strict compared to other colleges. They are very strict about the attendance. Ppts, video and lectures are given to explain a particular topic. Some of the things in the course are not that useful.",2017-03-16,Shiksha
Zeba Shaikh | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2017,"One of the best colleges, PICT.
 
 Placements: Maximum companies visit PICT for posts like software developer, application developer, tester and coder. The highest package of 33 LPA was given by Rakuten which is placed in Japan. From each batch, approximately 40% students get placed. TCS and Persistent are the bulk companies that visits the campus and place 100 to 120 students. Symantec, Softech, Amdocs, Adobe, Capgemini and Cybage are some of the companies that visit the campus.
 
 Infrastructure: The campus is a bit smaller than other colleges but provides all the facilities required by the students and the teacher staff also. For each 20 students, a separate laboratory is provided with separate PCs and a Wi-Fi with a 100 Mbps speed. A basketball court is also there. An auditorium is provided for the seminars and small functions. The college canteen provides better food and also a mess facility.
 
 Faculty: The teaching staff is well educated and helps students in studies and extracurricular activities. They conduct extra labs for learning new technologies like Hadoop and Android studios. Teaching is also easy to capture. For each subject, one teacher is assigned along with one separate laboratory teacher and a lab assistant.",2017-03-16,Shiksha
Prasad Patil | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,"Best placements, studious crowd but the campus is average and the faculty is good.
 
 Placements: Placement is the only thing why you would like to seek admission in this college. It has got the best placements. Top companies like Morgan Stanley, Rakuten, etc. visits the campus every year. With the highest package of 36 LPA and the average package is around 4 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: Technical instruments and computers present in the laboratories are up to the mark. You will never be in need of something extra which is not available in the labs. Classroom are spacious with ample of light and air with separate projector for every classroom. The food quality in the canteen is average but there are lot of options available nearby.
 
 Faculty: All the teachers in PICT are highly qualified. Everyone holds a degree of M.Tech with most of them working on their Ph.D as well. None of the faculty members will mind if you ask the questions. The ratio of students to faculty is around 1 teacher for 20 students.",2017-02-23,Shiksha
Hemant Dukare | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Small and the best college for programming students and time following.
 
 Placements: 180/210 got placed only from E&TC. Almost 10 lakh per annum is the highest package for E&TC and the average is 3.5 lakh per annum. The lowest package is around 2-2.5 lakhs per annum. Companies like Atoss, TCS, Rakuten, Inotics, EQ technologies, Accenture visit the campus. Some go for MS and Mtech. Not all students apply for placements.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is good. All facilities are provided like WiFi, library, 18-hour reading hall. But since the campus is small, so only basketball court is there for outdoor, but for indoor, TT and chess etc. are available. A canteen is also available but the food is of average quality. On Sundays, awesome quality food is made. Girls hostel and boys hostel are also there. Girls hostel is bigger with all the facilities like Wi-FI and full time water supply.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members are very experienced and very friendly. All labs are well equipped and classrooms are well maintained. Other than the curriculum, students get a chance to learn. Teachers use traditional of teaching as well as computers too. Students get a chance to visit the industries in the 3rd and 4th year.",2017-01-28,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"The best college for computer engineering in Maharashtra in terms of education and placement, PICT.
 
 Placements: The placement is the best in PICT. This college is mostly known for its placement, and the maximum package offered for our college is 26 lacs offered by Rakuten Japan. Most students get the placement from the college, and the T&P cell of the college is the best. Many activities are organised by our college so that the students get placed to the company. Actually, our college starts preparing the students for placement right from the first year. Many programs are organised by the college to help the student to increase their vocabulary, mental aptitude and GD.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of PICT is well-maintained. Although the campus of our college is small, the feeling in the college is good because of the greenery. PICT does not have any big ground for its students but it has a basketball court and a volleyball ground. A small campus of our college contains 9 buildings ( including the canteen, girls' and boys' hostels). All are 4-7 floor buildings. The facility at the hostel is the best, but the canteen food is the worst. The college hostel is around 30 meters from the main building of our college.
 
 Faculty: Talking about faculty members, PICT has one of the best faculty members for CS, IT and ENTC. Every teacher here is very supportive and helps the students to decide what should be your choice after engineering. They make the students do their best. Although the faculty members here are very strict, it helps the students to understand the importance of the time management and how the company where they are gonna work after some year is going to make you work.
 
 Other: A student won't get enough opportunities to do something in sports. Here, the teachers are more interested in studies. Surely, they will tell you not to be the topper of the college but to acquire the knowledge which is required for the placement as bookish knowledge is not worth it in PICT.",2017-01-25,Shiksha
saurabh ginde | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2017,"PICT review. Great crowd. Horribly strict college.
 
 Placements: Placements are really great. Students have a chance to get a package as high as 34 lakhs in the Japanese company Rakuten. Most of the students get placed unlike other colleges. The placements have reduced considerably in the last few years. This year, the TPO has changed and we expect a significant increase in the placements. The overall placements are better than other colleges.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is very poor. Hardly 4-5 buildings are there and now there are 2 more buildings under construction. Classrooms are very poor and there are almost no labs. Sports facility is average and the campus is dirty. Classrooms are simple and don't have many facilities.
 
 Faculty: The college has great courses. It has very strict teachers. They are even stricter than schools. Also, there are a lot of rules. There is a pathetic attendance policy and the college takes fine for not attending classes. The teachers are average. Some of them are good and some poor, but they are all helpful. The student-faculty ratio is good for my department.",2017-01-21,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Good placements but lack of infrastructure and an average crowd.
 
 Placements: The placements are really good if you want to go in the computer or IT field. But if you are looking for core electronic companies, then your are at the wrong place as most of the A-lister companies that visit are computer-based or IT companies. The best company that visited is a Japanese company offering you a package of around 40 lacs.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is fine as our college has only three departments, but the campus is really small. The Wi-Fi facility is good but to get your username, you have to work really hard. The library is fine you as get all the books you need and you can issue it for one week. You can issue three books at a time and if you are in final year, you can have four books for two weeks. The sports and games facility are not that good as our college lacks in the infrastructure.
 
 Faculty: The faculty team is really good at teaching, but they are very strict about the attendance. The practicals and classes are conducted very well, but you have to really work hard during the submission time as they are really strict about checking your manuals and especially if you are in the electronics department, where you have to attend all the practicals.
 
 Other: If you are going for the computer and IT departments, then you are at the right place but if you are going for electronics department, you need to think twice and be prepared as your life is going to be hell especially if you are not one of those serious bunch of students.",2016-11-12,Shiksha
Sushil Patil | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Awesome crowd, small campus and the best placements in computer engineering.
 
 Placements: Placements are nice. Almost 90% students are placed every year. Lowest package - 3.5 Lakhs Highest package is by RAKUTEN of above 30 Lakhs. Average package for computer engineering and IT is 9 Lakhs and for ENTC is 4.5 Lakhs Roles include software developer, data analysts, etc. Internships are done by students themselves but faculty supports personally.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-Fi is available There are well-maintained labs with a nice library It is bad for a sportsperson because campus area is small and only basketball court is available. Canteen food quality is bad for regular meals. Hostels are nice for girls and average for boys. It just lacks in one thing i.e. campus size which is too small for a college.
 
 Faculty: Faculty is strict but supportive at the same time in case of academics. They have knowledge but some have communication problem. Submissions are tough. Teaching methods used include presentations on projector. Curriculum is not updated but it is linked to university so college can't really do anything.",2016-11-10,Shiksha
Abhishek Bakare | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2018,The college offers good placement but it has a small campus. It has a good staff but attendance is compulsory. It offers fewer co-curricular activities but is excellent for academics. Computer Science is best for placement followed by Information Technology and Electronics and Telecommunication.,2016-07-02,Shiksha
Sankalp Shinde | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2012,The college is located behind Bharati Vidyapeeth's campus on Pune-Satara road. The college was founded in 1983. It has maintained a good track record for placements. The faculty members at PICT are highly knowledgeable in their respective domains. The college has a good library where you can find a huge variety of books from all areas. The college conducts several events where students can showcase and nurture their talent.,2016-01-11,Shiksha
Aman Rathi | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2015,"Excellent; 2nd best after COEP. Google, Microsoft and IBM come here every year. TCS, Infosys, Accenture recruit the major chunk. Average salary must be around Rs. 4 lakhs/per year. If you're at Pune Institute of Computer Technology (PICT), rest assured, you'll definitely get a job! So all that hard work, attendance, everything finally pays off well.",2015-09-12,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2015,The college is nice and teachers are very helpful. Placements are not bad here and some of companies are hiring students and offering them really good salaries. College is very much strict so that we have to attend the college regularly and need to do all assignments regularly.,2015-09-06,Shiksha
Mukul Chaudhari | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2013,The college has maintained its reputation from years with excellent teaching and guidance. It has provided lot of opportunities to all students to excel their career during the course. It has setup a in-house Amdocs Innovation lab that boost the student to perform extraordinary. The project sponsorship and placements are high up to the mark.,2015-06-24,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2012,"PICT is the best college for computer engineering studies and placements and infrastructure. Missing thing I can say is sports. There are various technical fests held at PICT which are of national level. Extracurricular activities are also been conducted. Tests are conducted on a regular basis which can be both, planned as well as surprise in nature. Although surprise tests are not very common but students try and stay as up-to-date .Students are not given any homework as such but most of the teachers share their presentations with them.",2015-03-27,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2012,"The facilities like sports ground are less but it is the top college of India for computers even better than IIT's. So if you wish to be a computer graduate then its the best college. It has three branches i.e. Computers, IT and ENTC. All placements are very good and in fortune 500 companies",2015-03-19,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2014,"PICT is the best college in Pune for computer engineering. It has the best faculty and small but well-equipped campus. The college has well-developed labs and most importantly, good placements with a highest salary of rupees 40 lakhs per annum. The average salary is rupees 5 lakhs per annum, and around 90% placements.",2015-03-08,Shiksha
Sarvesh Rokade | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2023,"Absolutely satisfied because of good placement in 2023 and good education.
 
 Placements: PICT is not only a college it's a dream college of many students where you get high placements and many opportunities. At my time the highest package was 48LPA Also there are good internship opportunities. Any one who is looking for good placement and career opportunities pict is best option.
 
 Infrastructure: College infrastructure is not too good in case of area and greenery But classrooms, library, Wi-Fi facility is good enough for students to be happy. Hostel rooms and mess is also quite good. If you want only to study then pict is best because of good competitive atmosphere.
 
 Faculty: All the teachers are well qualified and Ph.D. holder. They are well experienced and have good teaching skills College curriculum is the best and it is enough to get ready for industry. Semester exams are Lil bit difficult because syllabus is hard being autonomous institute.",2024-07-27,Shiksha
Chaitali Chaudhari | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2023,"Overall college is good Good campus many more placements
 
 Placements: 97% Highest 33 lakh Lowest 4 lakh 80% Almost all students get internship top recruting companies like amazom samsung riya adivasory duos bank flipkart so overall the percentage of placing was good almost all companies give internship for betterment of students
 
 Infrastructure: Wifi library classroom labs Overall the hostel and quality of food was good Also medical facilities mess and seprate canteen is available good infrastructure good stafff aoverall all is well and nice the only thing is campus situated in small place
 
 Faculty: Teachers are well qualified the teaching quality was execllent the semester exam was good the half syllabus covered which is going to ask in exam the passing percentage is about 80% yes college also having extra curriculum activities like addiction 2023 and all
 
 Other: The hardware part Nothing Almost all activites like event fest campus",2023-05-02,Shiksha
Rushikesh Karale | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"Really good infrastructure and facilities.
 
 Placements: Every student get good placement well reputed and renowned companies, curriculum was excellent. College provide us internship for better future and experience, they provided 100 % of place from batch although there was lockdown I know my package which is 6 lacs per annum.
 
 Infrastructure: They have good staff friendly is the best part which I think is the best classrooms very well good easily comfortable for all the best part of hostel is Never cut off of lights or water and wardens were also good. Talking about mess which is good food Medical is also available.
 
 Faculty: As above teachers are the best which I think they way teach is excellent no burden or stress giving they are as good as there are no words for them If you study well then there no such exam that you cannot pass every thing is easy if you study and focus.
 
 Other: I had a good time in this college one of the golden one Of my memories.",2023-01-10,Shiksha
Chaitanya Jitendr ... | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2023,"I am satisfied with placements but dissatisfied with campus life.
 
 Placements: About 90% of students have been placed till now, with an average salary package of 11 LPA. The highest salary package offered is 53 LPA, and the lowest is 5 LPA. Top recruiting companies are PhonePe, CodeNation, Arista Networks, Samsung, JusPay, Rakuten, Supermind, and Deutsche Bank.
 
 Infrastructure: Facilities are good, but the area is small. Wi-Fi facility is good and handles many users at a time. There is a lack of infrastructure because there is a large intake of students each year. Labs are well-established and have everything necessary.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members are excellent, and exams are conducted strictly. Faculty members are helpful and always ready to communicate anything related to the curriculum. The quality of teaching is also good. This course is very interesting and has scope in the future as our world is moving to digital.",2022-11-21,Shiksha
Sourabh kumar | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2023,"Our college has good return on investment.
 
 Placements: Placements are good. Good companies are visiting for placements like Amazon and Microsoft. The average salary package is 7 LPA. The highest salary package is 33 LPA, and the minimum salary package is 4 LPA. Placements cell and teachers work a lot for students to grab good placements.
 
 Infrastructure: Our college has good infrastructure. The library is good. Wi-Fi is available. Classrooms are well-maintained. Sports facilities are good. Every year a sports fest is organised.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are very helpful. Semester examinations are strictly conducted. The pass percentage is 95%.
 
 Other: I chose this course as it has good demand in the coming years.",2022-07-23,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"It is the top college of engineering in computer science.
 
 Placements: Very good placement offers are provided by our college. Our college focuses on improving soft skills, teamwork and many more, which are required for a company to get placed. About 92% of the students get placed on average in companies like Tata, Wipro, TCS and many more. These are the top recruiters for our course. Our college offers internships from the 2nd year only, which is very good.
 
 Infrastructure: There is a Wi-Fi facility in our college, but it does not have a good speed and range. I think our college can improve some more things which are required like smart classrooms, etc. Our college has a library which has books of 1.5 lacs. Our college focuses on sports as well as yoga and other activities to keep students fit and healthy.
 
 Faculty: Teachers here are highly qualified and knowledgeable. I think if students follow the rules and regulations given by teachers, they can get placed in top companies as well. Attendance is monitored, so you should be aware of it as well. I think our college gives complete exposure to students, which is required in an industry.",2021-05-12,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2023,"An ideal college for academically driven students looking for career in technology and engineering.
 
 Placements: Out of all the fine aspects this college has to offer, the placements stand out the most and is exceptional. Many prestigious companies set foot on the college grounds for their recruitment process, and a very good percentage of students get placed with respectable package deals.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure-wise, the college is very substandard. The college was established in 1983, and very few modifications and improvements have been made to the campus since then. Academic facilities like labs, library, electronic equipment and computers are adequate, but the college lacks other facilities like sports, cultural and extracurricular activities. Canteen and hostel facilities are sufficient but not as per our expectations.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are very good and well qualified, which should be the case for a reputed and esteemed institute like PICT. Teaching methods are still traditional and conform to a strict and regular timing schedule. Academics are taken very strictly and seriously, which is why most of the students who graduate from here excel in their future ventures. It has an ideal environment for hardworking and studious students.
 
 Other: All the courses offered in the college are equally respected and treated fairly across all the departments. Every branch has a good set of educators and faculty which gives this college a high-ranking. Numerous events and fests are held, ranging from technical to cultural events, which are due credit to the bright and talented students dedicated in organising various activities. There are also many clubs and associations, mainly technical, that students may choose to join.",2020-11-05,Shiksha
Shivani G | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"Our college provides a lot of placement opportunities and less infrastructure.
 
 Placements: Our college provides a lot of placement opportunities. Placements are a little tough for ENTC students because there are few core companies. But as most of the students want to go to IT companies, our college provides great opportunities for them. A lot of companies visit our college for placements so you will get plenty of chances.
 
 Infrastructure: The college is not that huge. Classrooms have projectors. Wi-Fi facility is available here, but the range is not there in most of the areas. There is a huge problem with the speed of the Wi-Fi facility. So if you want to do major work, then you must have your own data connection.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in our college are good. The course curriculum is decided by Savitribai Phule Pune University. Teachers are helpful. Mostly, they are strict about attendance and submissions. You will be asked to maintain attendance in lectures, or else they throw you out of labs. Lab assistants are very helpful.
 
 Other: The campus environment is great.",2020-08-09,Shiksha
Vaishnavi Bankar | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Overall, it is a good college, and it is really good for placements.
 
 Placements: The salary package offered ranges between 7-8 LPA. Top recruiting companies like Rakuten, Avaya, etc., visit our campus for placements. Some students got a salary package of 36 LPA. Some students also got a salary package of below 5 LPA, but it depends on students. About 100 companies visit our college for recruitment.
 
 Infrastructure: There is a reading hall with a Wi-Fi connection. Sports and games are played, but there is not much space. Food served to the students is satisfactory. The library is good with many books to read. Reading hall has a capacity of 150 students. Sports event like Elevate is conducted every year. Medical facilities are available.
 
 Faculty: All teachers in our college are good and qualified. Their teaching quality is average. They solve the doubts of students. The course curriculum is relevant and good for students. It makes us industry-ready, but only up to some extent.
 
 Other: Extracurricular activities are conducted for students. There are clubs for students to join. Our college conducts huge events for students.",2020-07-11,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2022,"Good placement and faculty except for ENTC branch. Compact campus.
 
 Placements: Overall the placement of the college is very good but when it comes to ENTC only 50% of the students get placed due to the lack of skills which they should have had if college have paid attention to it rather than just completing the syllabus. Other branches have very good placements.
 
 Infrastructure: College has a very compact campus, doesn't even have a proper playground. Canteen provides very poor quality food and prices are too dam high. College provides better facilities when it comes to the learning. It has very small library only containing course related books, no room for other genres.
 
 Faculty: ENTC has the worst faculty as compared to other branches only focusing on the syllabus not considering required skills students needs. Other faculty members of college are pretty good. If you are looking for computer science and IT engineering you are at the right place but don't even consider it for ENTC.",2020-06-12,Shiksha
Ravina Shivdas Ra ... | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Good placement and infrastructure. The facilities at the hostel are good.
 
 Placements: 70% of the students were placed in my ENTC course. The highest package is 20 lakh in my course, the lowest is 3.5 lakh and the average package offered in my course is 6-7 Lacs. LTI, SE2 are the top recruiting companies for my course. Many students got internship.
 
 Infrastructure: College provides everything like Wi-Fi facilities, Labs, classrooms etc. Food quality of mess is very good. The facilities at the hostel are also good. The food available in the canteen is nice. All medical facilities available in time when required. Sports and games also available.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are helpful, qualified and knowledgeable. The teaching quality is the best. The course curriculum is relevant and it makes students industry ready.
 
 Other: I'm interested in ENTC so I chose this course as we can learn everything related to electronics in it. We can learn about both hardware as well as software.",2020-06-12,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Decent college, overall good faculty, poor infrastructure and labs.
 
 Placements: Placements for the Electronics and Telecommunication department is in not a very good state. There is only one core company that visits for placements and also pay very less, as compared to IT companies. As a result, an EnTC graduate spends 3 years in the EnTC department only to get a job that does not require any EnTC skill or knowledge. Moreover, companies prefer recruiting Computer Science and IT students because they are studying relevant subjects in their course. Hence, for an EnTC student to get a job requires a lot of time and effort to be focused on enhancing their coding skills.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is not upto the mark. Classrooms are pretty old and the benches are usually not in a good state, making sitting through lectures extremely uncomfortable. The same goes for labs. The equipment is old and outdated. Many a times lab equipments to perform the experiment are faulty and puts you in a soup during final practical exams in front of the external when you just can't get it to work. College Wi-Fi is poor, you simply cannot get reception anywhere within the campus other than in the library. In the event that you get connected to the Wi-Fi, you'll be lucky if you can download a 10mb file in less than an hour.
 
 Faculty: The course curriculum is old and outdated. Just like every other college, PICT places strict regulations on submitting assignments and maintaining a high attendance. Faculty in the EnTC department is a mixed bag. You have exceptionally great professors and you have quite a few not so good professors. The faculty for the first shift is much better (in the EnTC department) and the difference is definitely noticeable when you compare the two. There are a few professors in the second shift who just want to trouble the students.
 
 Other: There are three technical fests organized in the college and one cultural fest. The college must improve the quality of faculty and the labs need a major update. This course is difficult, go for this course if you're strong in mathematics.",2020-06-12,Shiksha
Abhishek Rathore | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"PICT is not for everyone.
 
 Placements: 60 percent gets placed with an average package of 6 Lacs, internship is all on you if you can find out some college don't help much, it's not very supportive for internship, if you really love Entc this is not your college but you had less marks and could not get computer in good college go for Entc in PICT.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-Fi is okaish, lab are good and faculty are bad. They are old minded people, and they are not cooperative so you will have to struggle about that whole 4 years plus never loose your icard it cost 2k, it's strict here, plus no games they say they encourage but they don't do anything. Most of it is only because of students.",2020-06-10,Shiksha
Sandesh Suhas Shi ... | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Overall very good college if one is really interested in engineering.
 
 Placements: The highest package is 38lpa and the lowest is around 3lpa. Companies like Rakuten, PhonePe visited this year. As far as I know Rakuten is visiting from last 3 years, not many students have got internship from college but some have applied for internship externally.
 
 Infrastructure: Library is not big it has books almost everything related to technology. Labs are well maintained. Wi-fi facility is pretty good. But college has only basketball court related to sports. College is not so good for sports facility. Canteen food is ordinary.
 
 Faculty: Students are not industry ready after completing this course. Teachers are good and co-operative. If one has to get placed he/she has to do a lot of self-study. Teachers are after completing their portion. Teachers are very demanding when it comes to file completion and submissions.
 
 Other: Number of events and fests are arranged by college like InC, Pulzion etc. Students from all over Maharashtra admission in this college. It is one of the top colleges from Maharashtra for CE, IT and EnTC engineering.",2020-04-07,Shiksha
Komal Pradip Parmar | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2021,"College is good for overall development of students.
 
 Placements: Almost 80 percent students were placed. The highest package is 39 Lacs and the lowest is maybe 4 Lacs. Rakuten, Deutsche Bank, TCS, eQ technology, HSBC bank, MuSigma, etc. are the top recruiters. 60 percent students got internship in eQ technology, Goldman sacs, Swiss bank, etc.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-Fi is in college as well as in hostel. Labs are well-equipped. Library has enough of books required and other journals etc. Hostel rooms are cleaned daily. Food quality is good. Medical availability is present 24x7. Sports and other activities are also available.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are highly qualified, helpful and having great knowledge. The teaching quality is pretty good. Curriculum is well relevant and helpful for students. Overall development of students is done and helpful in using the knowledge in industry.",2020-04-07,Shiksha
Yash Jeswani | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2021,"Absolutely PICT college is one of the best college of pune university,student should take admission.
 
 Placements: This year that is 2019 placement ratio was excellent, was about higher than the previous years placement ratio. In information technology branch above 90% students got placed it is first time as of now, the highest placement ratio of IT department was 84% but this year it get to 90%. The highest package in IT department given by phonePe was 42 lacs per annum. Average package was 10 LPA and the lowest it was 6.5 LPA. Top recruiting companies like phonepe, Deutsche Bank, Barclays and many more visited our college. This year around 5+ companies like ubs, ZS associates, Goldman sach came for internship offers.
 
 Infrastructure: There are plenty number of labs, classrooms which are open till night for studying for students, also Wi-Fi is available for 24 hours. Quality of food of canteen is average but hostel was quite good and medical facilities, sports and games are good.
 
 Faculty: The teachers in the Pict are quite better than the other Sppu colleges, I will not point out teachers name. Course curriculum decided by the Sppu is good for the students.
 
 Other: I'm from the IT department 2018 batch will passout in 2021, I choose Pict college because pict is the best college for the computer Science and information technology branch as there is cumulative great amount of competition, cultural environment, we get fewer challenges and have best placements. Also the events campus crowd, surrounding and other activities in pict are average.",2020-04-07,Shiksha
Anonymous | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2022,"The college is good at placements but not in sports. Canteen facility is the worst.
 
 Placements: Top recruiting companies are PhonePe, Rakuten, etc. In this college, according to the report, the computer science department holds the maximum placements and after that information technology. Electronic and telecommunication is also emerging with good placements.
 
 Infrastructure: Our college has the worst ever sports facilities. They don't have even have a ground to play, and students who want to race their sports career with studies should not opt this college. The hostel is average for 1st year, but mess and canteen are the worst.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members are average. Some of them are very strict and more attentive on attendance than taking teaching efforts. They always force students for attendance. The course curriculum is not relevant, and it does not have many holidays. It is a fault of SPPU, and it is very hesitating.
 
 Other: Students who want only to study and get a good salary package can opt for this college.",2020-02-09,Shiksha
Prathamesh Padmawar | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2022,"Good placements, needs to focus more on Practical implementation of things.
 
 Placements: In PICT you get 100+ companies visiting for the placements. Some of top recruiters are PhonePe, Rakuten, DB, etc. If you go back in the past PICT was the 1st college in Pune to introduce computer science branch in Pune. Here you get a good coding and development environment and all students here are cooperative with each other. Average placement for this year i.e 2019-20 batch is nearly 7.26 lacs per annum which is great. For Internships nearly 100 students got internship this year. This year the highest salary offered was by PhonePe 38 LPA ( domestic).
 
 Infrastructure: College provides free Wi-Fi to students. College has well-equipped library. Labs are well maintained contains all required instruments. College provides hostel facility to students also has a good canteen. Canteen food is good compared to other college canteens. College has basketball court, volleyball court cricket etc. And all other indoor games like table tennis. College also has a gym for students.
 
 Faculty: Teachers are helpful and knowledgeable they use good teaching techniques. Attendance criteria is 75 % compulsory. All the term work and other curriculum related things are done with a proper process. College also get some industry visit for the students to get them industry ready.
 
 Other: I had some interest in electronics and hence always wanted to have some career in it. More teaching on practical implementation of knowledge. College has many fest in like Addiction, Elevate, Pulzion, Credenz, CTD, Paskathon, etc.",2020-01-11,Shiksha
Shweta Kulkarni | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2020,"In PICT college, you can learn lots of things. It provides you with a chance to improve yourself.
 
 Placements: Almost 75 to 80% of the students are getting placed from PICT. Placements in our college are good, and the average salary package offered is more than 5 LPA. Every student is getting a chance. ENTC students are also getting placed with high salary packages. Many companies visit here, which helps students to grab a different opportunity.
 
 Infrastructure: Wi-Fi facility is available with 10 GB of data every day for every student. Almost every book is available in the library, and classrooms and labs are well ventilated. The food served in the canteen is also good. The infrastructure is also good and maintained. A playground is also available, where you can play different sports.
 
 Faculty: Every teacher is good, well-qualified and also has good knowledge. They are very helpful whenever we require their help or require some advice. At the time of teaching, they provide us with practical knowledge also, which help us to stand and compete with other students.
 
 Other: Our college organises an event called Addiction every year, which is conducted for 3 to 4 days, where you can release your stress and participate in various competitions. There are IEEE, ACM societies and their various events, where students can show their knowledge. ART Circle is also a group where you can show your skills, such as singing, drawing, dancing, etc.",2019-09-14,Shiksha
Mayur Bhalerao | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"It is the best college that one can get enjoy and learn.
 
 Placements: Almost 80% of the students get placed. The highest package offered is 33.39 LPA, the lowest package offered is 3 LPA, and the average package offered is 7 LPA. The package offered by companies like Avaya 12 LPA, HSBC 12 LPA, ION Trading 12 LPA, Sapient 10 LPA and Cadence 11 LPA. Top roles offered are a software engineer and R&D engineer. The highest package offered in our course is 12 LPA, the lowest package offered in our course is 3 LPA, and the average package offered in our course is 6.5 LPA. Almost all students got jobs, and there is no need for an internship.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT has a massive infrastructure for all the department. There is a well-equipped laboratory, and there is a library with a wide range of books of technical and novels. There is free Wi-Fi on campus, and there is each classroom equipped with a projector and well ventilation. There is a hostel for both boys and girls on the campus. Each room occupied with two students with attached toilet-bathroom. The hostel has 24 hours of electricity, also air-conditioned rooms available for extra pay. There is good food in the canteen, which is well-maintained hygiene. The college didn't have a vast ground for sports. There is only basketball and volleyball ground. Each year intercollege matches are held on a large scale in the college.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in the college are very well qualified and knowledgeable. The college faculty helps students in all the way they can. Faculty even give extra time to the students after college hours. Faculty encourage the students to participate in various competitions. Students can see the result of teaching quality in the placements. This college is under SPPU curriculum. It is not that good of a curriculum. The college must try to update the syllabus with technology. It doesn't make students industry-ready.
 
 Other: I choose this course because I like to work with electronic stuff and robotics, and this course gives the knowledge in almost all the field of robotics. It provides hardware and software knowledge equally. Including more about recent technology would be good. Our college has many clubs, and they all have their events throughout the year, which gives students a platform to show their skill. We also have art clubs and robotics clubs. There are technical as well as extracurricular events. We also have an annual gathering called Addiction. An intra-college projects competition ""INC"". There are a dance competition, painting competition, robot football competition and much more.",2019-08-13,Shiksha
Manali Likhitkar | B.E. in Information Technology - Batch of 2021,"Review of Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Society for Computer Technology and Research.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college are very good. All the top companies visit the campus to hire an ample amount of freshers from the college. The salary packages offered by the companies vary, but the average salary package is maintained. Companies like Deutsche Bank, Rakuten, etc., visit the college for placements. It is a very good college for placements.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of our college is very good. All facilities are provided in our college. Labs are well-equipped. The buildings are good. Classrooms are huge enough. Labs can accommodate 25-30 students at a time. Thus the batches are made in accordance with the lab facilities.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members in our college are good and highly qualified. All teachers are ready to help students at any time. All the teachers are very friendly. The course curriculum is, according to Pune University, and the syllabus is properly designed.",2019-07-22,Shiksha
Amey Bhilegaonkar | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2019,"It is a good college to pursue CS and IT, but not for ENTC.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college are excellent. In our batch, around 60% of the students got placed. Nearly 300 students were offered with a salary package of above 5 LPA, and nearly 100 students were offered a salary package of below 5 LPA. Many of our senior students also got a salary package of above 5 LPA students.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of our college is not that good area-wise, but quality-wise it is best. All basic facilities like labs, sports, and gym are available. Students never use a gym, but there is a sports room which is fully equipped with games. Hostel rooms are clean. Especially girls hostel is clean, and boys hostel is average.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members in our college are good. The course curriculum is not useful and placements are useless. HOD Of our college is very strict and doesn't listen to anybody. Our department is lacking in placements and knowledge because of him. He doesn't support in any extracurricular activities, and with the subjects which are not related to our course.",2018-10-15,Shiksha
Akash Patil | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2020,"I'm satisfied with the college activities and course curriculum.
 
 Placements: Placements of 2017-2018 in PICT are very good. Main companies are from the banking sector and are service-based. The average salary package offered by these companies is very good, i.e., 6.07 LPA. For nice companies, the average salary package offered is 7.91 LPA, and for variant recruiters, it is 3.78 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: Labs are well-equipped with high-speed internet and the latest computing equipment. On average, there are 20 PCs in computing labs. The college has a poor infrastructure for buildings. The college has girls and boys hostel, and the rooms are spacious with attached bathrooms.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in our college are well-qualified with masters degrees. The teaching methods are good enough to understand the concept. The college doesn' t provides any industry exposure yet. The course curriculum is quite useful as it provides a base for BE project and helps in industry internships and also during placements.
 
 Other: PICT students organise many events. Most of the technical events are organised in the first semester and the non-technical events in the second semester. Credenza is the biggest technical event which is conducted in Pune.",2018-10-04,Shiksha
Ashutosh Pardeshi | B.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Review of Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Society for Computer Technology and Research.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college were quite good, better than the median placements in most of the colleges of our city. The salary package offered is quite high from the start itself, and most of our senior friends got placed in good companies with satisfying salary packages.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of our college is quite good and usable. Computers are well-equipped so that we can about coding. The library is well-stocked. The canteen is well-maintained, and other facilities are quite above average.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in our college possess a good degree of knowledge, even though some of them may not be able to communicate that knowledge properly in classrooms. Majority of the faculty members are well-trained and have acquired a level of knowledge over their subjects, and they make efforts to teach properly.",2018-10-03,Shiksha
Mayuri Mahandule | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2018,"Placements in our college are good, and faculty members are awesome.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college were good. More than 90% of students for computer science and IT departments got placed. ENTC students need to struggle bit more for placements. The salary packages offered ranges from 3-16 LPA. The average salary package offered ranges between 6-8 LPA. Almost 100% of our senior students got placed, but packages offered and companies visiting college was great for our batch.
 
 Infrastructure: The library is well-maintained and has all kind of books. Our department labs are provided with all kind of necessary kits and instruments. Wi-Fi system is improving. A canteen was average. Classrooms were good. The campus was small and clean. Sports facilities were less as compared to other colleges.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members in our college were great for all the departments, especially for FE and ENTC departments. They support students for technical competitions. Multiple technical events are organised. They are a little bit less supportive in non-technical things, but students manage to perform well in curriculum and non-curriculum activities.",2018-08-18,Shiksha
Harshwardhan Sinha | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"Even though it has a small campus and a strict attendance policy, our college is great and worth it.
 
 Placements: Placements in our college are quite good. Companies like Avaya and Rakuten visit our campus for placements. The salary packages offered by companies was really good. Placements for CS and IT branch are quite good. There is a problem as ENTC students are concerned for placements.
 
 Infrastructure: The infrastructure of our college is not quite good. The campus is small and doesn't have many things to do in it. There are just a basketball court and cricket nets. The college organises events on the small campus. The college has someplace to play box cricket, but our college requires a huge campus.
 
 Faculty: Faculty members in our college are quite good. The college has a lot of well-qualified teachers, and they are up to the mark. They help to do many things. It has a lot of people around it.
 
 Other: Events organised at our campus are not that interesting. They don't have a lot of participants from other colleges or from their own college also.",2018-03-24,Shiksha
Viren Parekh | B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2021,"It is the best college in Pune for computer engineering.
 
 Placements: It has good placements, especially for computer branch. Companies from all over Pune recruit students. The placement percentage of this college is more than 85% which is the best in Pune city. The placements of the computer branch are one of the best in Maharashtra State.
 
 Infrastructure: It has facilities like well-equipped classes and labs. There is high-speed Wi-Fi all over the campus and a library containing a variety of books. Medical facilities are available in every lab. Water facility can found at every floor of the building and a separate building for the promotion of games and sports.
 
 Faculty: Faculty are highly qualified and experienced. The knowledge they impart is helpful and useful in the application for our day to day life. They help you in topics you are not able to understand so that one can perform the best in the examination.",2018-01-17,Shiksha
Amruta Dhawanjewar | M.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering - Batch of 2016,"Satisfied with faculty, placement, and infrastructure.
 
 Placements: The placement was very good for my batch as well as my senior batch. Almost 80% of students were placed. The highest package given was 36 Lacs and the lowest is 3.5 Lacs. Average package was 6.5 to 7 lacks. 3 D PLM, TCS, ACCENTURE, INFOSYS are some of the companies visited the campus. Almost 30% of students got an internship with 15 thousand to 20 thousand stipend offered.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure of the campus is really awesome. All the labs was well-equipped with correct measuring instruments. Library was full with books for study material, magazines, and other books. The food available in canteen was good. Hostel provided by the college was nice, clean and strict.
 
 Faculty: Faculty is really knowledgeable and qualified. Most of them are Ph.D. holders from reputed institute. Some of the teachers also have their own published books. The teaching method and review method used by them is good. Students to faculty ratio is 4:3.",2019-04-06,Shiksha
Ankush Gupta | M.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2010,My experience was fantastic as a student at PICT. Professors are really helpful and supportive. The best part is the quality of cohort as you learn a lot from your classmates. The Lab exams are really hard to pass as there are no brownie marks on offer and thus you work even harder and learn more in the process.,2015-06-24,Shiksha
Avinash Goen | M.E. in Computer Engineering - Batch of 2019,"It is a good place to gain Knowledge with best campus placements.
 
 Placements: Our course had 90% placements with success rate. The average salary package offered was 5 LPA. Top recruiting companies were Barclays, UBS, TCS, and Wipro. Top roles offered was that of a software developer. The highest salary package offered was for 13.5 LPA, and the average salary package offered was of 11 LPA. The lowest salary package offered was 4 LPA.
 
 Infrastructure: The entire campus was Wi-Fi enabled with 10 labs with different features in each lab in our course. The food served in the canteen was fine. Sports and games facilities like volleyball, basketball, cricket, and table tennis. The medical facility was available for hostel students and was good. Even hostel students were provided with high-speed internet and 24x7 electricity and water supply.
 
 Faculty: Teachers in our college were the best. They were knowledgeable, and their teaching quality was also good. Teachers here were helpful, qualified and are available for help anytime. The course curriculum was updated to the latest, and students were offered good study materials.",2020-03-02,Shiksha
,,,
Anonymous User,"Teachers are well qualified and experienced. Student quality is very good. All the labs are very well equipped. The library is very good. The campus is a little bit small. Canteen food is not that much good.
 Placement: The placement scenario for this college is also very beautiful. The percentage of students got placed by this institute is 89%. The major companies here are mostly visited are LNT, RACUTECH, MORGAN STANLEY and much more. The avg. package is about the 6 la
 
 Faculty: Ph.D. qualified & minimum 10 & maximum 24 years experienced faculty in teaching courses. Yes, the faculty in our college share technical and nontechnical information in the best way. They follow the standard teaching methodology.
 
 Admission: Based on the School / 12th Class Result",2024-04-08,CollegeDheko
Anonymous User,"The college is strive to develop highly qualified professionals who will able to provide quality care to the patients and to serve to community. The faculty has trust in the individual students capability and skills that they can accept their responsi
 Placement: Institute offers high quality standard education to prepare competent nursing professionals for the welfare of the society.
 
 Faculty: The faculty has trust in the individual students capability and skills that they can accept their responsibilities to provide over all development.
 
 Admission: Based on School / 12th Class Result",2021-07-25,CollegeDheko
Anonymous User,"College is very discipline. Even one minute late is not tolerable. Attendance is compulsory. Good Education quality provided in PICT. Admission process is as follows: First you have to fill up online form and then cap rounds followed. Once you got college
 Placement: Good job Opportunities provided. Highest placement and internship provided. Mostly all students got placed. Top companies visited like TCS, Wipro, Amazon and KPIT visited in this campus. Highest Salary offered is 8 lpa and lowest is 3 lpa.
 
 Faculty: Top class faculty provided. Teaching quality is best. Training sessions, seminars conducted time to time. All staff is helpful. Labs are open to do practice and library is also good.",2021-07-25,CollegeDheko
Anonymous User,"Its a good college for comp, IT and E&tc. Computer is a special branch of this college. Infrasture of college is not good but education is very good. I finalized admission on basis of diploma marks
 Placement: Very good internships and placements provided in this college. Eq technogies, Wipro, Infosys and IBM like most top companies visited here with a lowest of 4 lpa and highest salary is 8 lpa.
 
 Faculty: All teachers are very strict and disciplined.Teaching quality is very good. Always focus on practical learning rather than theory which is good part of PICT and because of that I develop my programming skills",2021-07-25,CollegeDheko
Atharva Sonar,"The College has very good reputation in Maharashtra for its high placement records, PICT is very serious about academics, the attendance here is strictly monitored, lectures are regular , the schedule is hectic, but all of it becomes worth suffering when you get a good job offer",2024-07-29,CollegeDheko
Pol Neha Sanjay,"Good aspects: 1) Pict has got excellent placement. 2) Faculty is awesome. 3) Teachers helps you out with every problem. They will force you to learn various courses which will help you in future. 4) N numbers of clubs are there where you can enjoy and get your skills brushed. 5) The seniors are just awesome. They are there just like your family members, they will guide you at every moment you need them. Bad aspects: 1) Pict is very strict when it comes to academics. 2) Pict do not follow many internships means they do not provide many holidays for internships(1month regularly). Admission process: Pict admissions are done based on two entrance exams: MHTCET and JEE MAINS. The cutoffs are really high almost 99 percentile for IT and CS branch (for general) and for entc it is above 95 percentile. I will give my personal advice : If you think you can't crack JEE MAINS, don't feel bad or demotivated just focus on MHTCET. This exam will help you to get in best college like COEP, VJTI, PICT, SPIT and many more.",2021-07-25,CollegeDheko
Rishab ram,"Overall: Experience of mine in this college was good.I've got some good friends some well.Qualified teachers who motivated us and helped us in each and every step
 
 Placement: If I talk about placement facility given by this institute.I can say that it is very average.Not all the student got placed , only thirty to forty percent of the student got placed every year , which is very bad
 
 Infrastructure: If I talk about infrastruc7ture of our institute I can say that buildings were creatively made.It was restricted for outsiders to enter into the institute and yes playing area and libraries and cultural activities area over there
 
 Faculty: Best part of this institute is that faculties who are working here are really well qualified.Well knowledgeable and headstudents and motivate students eating each and every step of their college life",2024-07-29,CollegeDheko
Siddharth Pramod Pawar,"Overall: Pict is the best college for the students who are looking for the great opportunities in internships and placements. According to me Pict lies in the top 10 colleges in Maharashtra state. I choosed this college because the college is based in the pune which is also a IT hub and a lot of companies recruit from here.
 
 Placement: Placements and the internships are the only reason which brought me towards this college. This college is situated in pune which is also IT hub of Maharashtra. So every company that recruits from Maharashtra recruits from PICT pune. Placements opportunities are top notch at this college. The percentage of students placed last year was around 90% which is great for state level college.
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure of this college is descent. It is not that great because of the small campus area. Like it is only 5 acres of college. Colleges size is small so that's why do not have lots of places to explore in the college. As compared to other engineering colleges infrastructure is not that well over here.
 
 Faculty: I personally think at the time of entering the engineering colleges you should not be depend upon the faculty. Students only attend the classes to maintain that criteria of 75% in college. Otherwise the lectures are not that interesting. Faculty is not that major factor. But the faculty over here is pretty descent. If you will attend regular classes and have the written notes then the semester exam will be piece of cake for you.
 
 Hostel: Total intake of college for BTech students is around 3000-4000 and only 300-400 students gets hostel. So you might have to hunt for the flats or you can also live in PG with your college friends. I did not applied for hostel. I was living in flat with some of batchmates, which also not that great idea. Because you have to take care of the flat then which is a pain again.",2021-07-25,CollegeDheko
amaan,"Overall: Pune Institute of Computer Technology (PICT) stands as a beacon of excellence in technical education, providing students with a conducive learning environment, experienced faculty, and ample placement opportunities. With its state-of-the-art infrastructure, comfortable hostel facilities, and commitment to academic and professional growth, PICT continues to empower students to become future leaders in the field of technology.
 
 Placement: PICT has a stellar track record when it comes to placements, with leading companies from various sectors actively recruiting from the institute. The institute's dedicated placement cell works tirelessly to connect students with lucrative job opportunities, organizing campus recruitment drives, industry interactions, and skill development workshops. As a result, PICT graduates are highly sought after by top recruiters, with many securing placements in renowned companies and multinational corporations.
 
 Infrastructure: PICT boasts a world-class infrastructure that befits its stature as a premier technical institute. The campus is equipped with state-of-the-art laboratories, cutting-edge computing facilities, and modern classrooms equipped with audio-visual aids, facilitating immersive learning experiences. The institute continually upgrades its infrastructure to keep pace with advancements in technology, providing students with access to the latest tools and resources to excel in their academic pursuits.
 
 Faculty: PICT boasts a distinguished faculty comprising experienced academicians, industry experts, and researchers who are dedicated to nurturing talent and fostering academic excellence. The faculty members are not only highly qualified but also deeply committed to the holistic development of their students. They employ innovative teaching methodologies, mentorship, and personalized attention to inspire students and ignite their passion for learning.
 
 Hostel: PICT offers comfortable and well-furnished hostel facilities for its students, providing a conducive living environment conducive to academic and personal growth. The hostels are equipped with essential amenities such as Wi-Fi connectivity, recreational areas, and round-the-clock security, ensuring the safety and well-being of residents. Additionally, the hostel staff ensures a homely atmosphere, fostering a sense of community and camaraderie among students.",2024-07-29,CollegeDheko
Salman | B.E in Computer Engineering | 2021,"Overall: I have completed my btech in camputer science and engineering from pict university pune.It is newly experience for me in this College. It has several branches over here. It is very large campus
 
 Placement: Placement ratio is very good. Around 70-80% students got placed in internship. The highest package is around 55lac. The average placement is around 7-8lac. Tcs,ninja,wipro,Infosys amazon,google tech mahindra company met here
 
 Infrastructure: Infrastructure is very good of this College. There are greenery and clean water provided by the industry. College fest is organized by our faculty. College condition is little bit good. Several companies have offered here for internship.
 
 Faculty: Faculty of the College is very good. They're very knowledgeable teachers. They provides us extraordinary information as well as possible. New skills are available. College fest is organized by our faculty. Some of them belongs from iiits,bits,nits and other valuable university.
 
 Hostel: Hostel rooms are slightest good things here. There is 3 hostel rooms and 1 mess room. Mess foods is costly Fresh foods are deliver. Foods,vegetables,milk provided here. The useful things are also provided.",2021-07-25,Vidyavision
Vaibhav musale | B.E in Electronics and Telecommunication | 2024,"Overall: The teaching skill of teacher is outstanding I can't with my words but when you reached there and see their teaching skill you say I want this college seat
 
 Placement: Placement in electronic and telecommunication engineering are in Bajaj jio BSNL etc are common in our college the highest package is in Bajaj is 70 lakh
 
 Infrastructure: The structure of college is better than other colleges but not good I wish it get best fews day because college is growing fastly and I trust on principal decision
 
 Faculty: The teachers are very smart and very intelligent because each question he teaches very calmly and understandable I like only teachers teaching skill .
 
 Hostel: The facilities are not good as compared to the other hostels structure are I say better but not good I say you take room is better than hostel it means better facilities",2021-07-25,Vidyavision
SATYAM | B.E in Information Technology | 2024,Overall: The college full of toper students. And their teachers are good in teaching staff is polite the nature is good and peaceful. I really like the college so much,2021-07-25,Vidyavision
Siddhant Sirsat | B.E in Information Technology | 2024,"Overall: I am studying in Pune institute of computer technology. My overall experience is college is very good about placements and studies . Crowd is not good about extra curricular but in studies crowd is very intelligent. . So overall overview is if you want good package then u will definitely get in this college but for extra curricular it's not that much good .
 
 Placement: Placement is very very good in our college. Last year highest package was 40 lacs by phone pe and almost 97% students placed other 3% are going abroad for their higher studies. So overall placement wise it is best college
 
 Infrastructure: College campus is small it contains one basketball court and volleyball ground . One cricket net is also there . For others games college rented the ground
 
 Faculty: All faculty are well educated. almost all had PhD in their respective subjects . Lab assistant also are well educated. So about faculty college is very good
 
 Hostel: Boys hostel has all the facilities including washing machine , attached washroom and bathroom .Boys hostel is in the campus and near to college building so it is convenient for day to day college. Girls hostel is like 3 star hostel room .girls hostel has lift but boys hostel not.Girls hostel have security guard and one warden . So girls hostel is safe .even boys are not allowed near girls hostel .",2024-07-29,Vidyavision
Kalyan Kokare | B.E in Computer Engineering | 202,"Overall: This College has one of the best Coding Culture, every students in this College just talks about coding, That's the main reason this College has a great Average Placement package. But you will have to sacrifice your campus life if you joined this College, This college really has a poor campus life.
 
 Placement: The placement is just awesome. The ROI is very high. The average package was 12.33 LPA, and the median was around 12 LPA. The highest package on campus was around 48 LPA and off campus it was 1.1 Cr. The placement rate is above 95%. PICT also has three unicorn founders. The top recruiting companies are Adobe, Microsoft, Barclays, BNY Melon, Phonepe, Samsung semiconductor, etc.
 
 Infrastructure: World-class infrastructure with a huge campus, ground and library; in exam sessions, the library does not have space to sit. Free internet is available in labs. Hostel is best it have all kind of facilities, mess food you can get as your choice veg or non veg or only breakfast. Sports events are organized every year .
 
 Faculty: Teachers are knowledgeable but are so strict especially of Electronics and Telecommunication department. Electronics and Telecommunication course has a good scope in future. As it is a combination of computer engineering and Electrical engineering. After doing this course you can either go for GATE examination or can sir for placements.
 
 Hostel: Hostel are not so good, mainly students live outside the college by taking PG, Flats or Private hostels. Mess food is not well prepared rather one should join outside messes.",2021-07-25,Vidyavision
Roshan Chavhan | B.E in Computer Engineering | 2021,"Overall: One of the best college in Pune. The campus is small but has amazing staff and teachers. Lot of exposure on tech side and campus placements are the best.
 
 Placement: Awesome College...In Pune..Excellent placement opportunities. Many companies like Morgan Stanley, nvidia, etc. Visit here who give excellent packages. Internship opportunities are great here. The average package given to a PICT student is always much more than any other college...even COEP...Best for Computer,IT and even for Extc
 
 Infrastructure: Nice campus and infrastructure ( wide, ventilated classrooms, big conference room, best library) considered every basic need of students It has best teaching faculty and and labs to practice and explore new things on internet
 
 Faculty: I like this college.... Because here education is very nice and they develop Professional Engineers not just Engineer...... The teaching staff is very very good. ..and they have the perfect knowledge about their teaching subjects.... In this college only 3 Field are available for B tech... 1.ENTC 2.computer 3.IT.. They have strictly rule. Like for 2 wheeler without helmet we cannot enter in college.. And also college ID is compulsory for gate entry
 
 Hostel: Compared to other engg Colleges in Pune... pict is among the renowned colleges for comp, it, and entc departments.... though the college is small but it has on campus girls and boys hostels(obviously in different buildings) if u have been to or belong to mit, coep or pccoe or etc u definitely feel this place is too small",2024-07-29,Vidyavision
Onkar Deshpande | B.E in Computer Engineering | 2021,Overall: PICT has been successful for creating best atmosphere related to Computer technology and learning. It is one of the best institute for Computer based education in India.,2021-07-25,Vidyavision
,,,
Mohammed Husain,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 So timetable in the pict is really strict, and it is like 7-8 hours and sometimes attendance compulsory till the third year in fourth year, there is no need of attendance and the curriculum.The subjects were really boring as it is sppu university.",2024-11-01,CollegeDuniya
Arnav Chaudhary,,2024-10-30,CollegeDuniya
Monika Kamble,,2024-10-29,CollegeDuniya
Harshali Ashok Uikey,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students become eligible for campus placements after 4th year after they complete their internship in 3rd year. The companies visited in pict are phonepe, ubs, Siemens. Students must have above 99.9%tile in cet exam",2024-10-09,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 The placements for the year 2022 -2023 were fabulous , almost every student from every branch in our college got placed with niche packages Although for the year 2023 -2024 the placement session was good but not as good as previous year because of bad market conditions.",2024-09-16,CollegeDuniya
Apoorva Kumar,"Placement Experience:
 
 1.)The students become eligible from 7th semester itself. 2.)The companies visiting our college are PhonePay,Infosys,Tcs,Cognizant,Barclays,Accenture,ZS assosiates ,HSBC,ACI,Toshiba ,Ion ,Searce etc 3.)Highest package is offered by phone pay around 33 lpaand the average package is 9lpa approx. 4.)Approx 94% of students get placed every year. 5,)My goal is to get an oncampus job and prepare for Gate exam as well.",2024-09-11,CollegeDuniya
Sujeet Langhe,"Placement Experience:
 
 i want to get placement from college and and wants to explore job opportuities in the future .also want to do higher sudies at abrod and also go towards explore the new places .after my degree completion i wanna do the thimgs we left back the thing like explporing the nature environment",2024-09-01,CollegeDuniya
Omkar Jagtap,"Placement Experience:
 
 So my college is one of best college known for its placements in Maharashtra, the students here are eligible for incampus placements from their 5th semester and for placements from the 7th semester. Companies like Phonepe ,Adobe ,Barclays and many more visit every year offering good placements. Highest goes to around 40 to 50 lpa and avg 7 to 10lpa. Percentage of students getting placed goes above 90 percent.",2024-09-01,CollegeDuniya
Vedansh Rathi,"Placement Experience:
 
 There are some 150 companies come to colleg every year nearly 95% are placed with good packages. Also the average package of CE is 15lpa, for IT 14lpa for ENTC 11-12lpa. Also the highest package goes to 50-55lpa.",2024-08-25,CollegeDuniya
Abhishek Popat Chavan,"Placement Experience:
 
 Student from 5th semester are eligible for placement. There are 130+ companies visit our college every year and almost 800 student get placed every year Highest salary is 40LPA and average package is of 10.98LPA More than 90% of students get placed and I'm also gonna take good placement",2024-08-10,CollegeDuniya
HARSH GAGGAR,"Placement Experience:
 
 The college is know for its placements and intership opportunities The college provides with plentiful of opportunities with dream and superdream offers You can even get pre placement offers from internships",2024-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Kaustubh Gharat,"Placement Experience:
 
 The placements offered by the college are outstanding, highest package provided by the college is 47 lpa in campus and off campus if you have great coding knowledge you can be able to get package of 1cr pa off campus Companies who often come here are phonepe , siemens, Barkley ,",2024-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Raman Asolekar,"Placement Experience:
 
 Talking about the placements offered by the college are impressive, in campus placement the highest placement offered till the date is 47LPA by adobe ,and off campus the students manage to grab placements of 130LPA in goldman sachs.",2024-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Nehal Gupta,"Placement Experience:
 
 It is quite great . Average package for CE students is 12LPA . You can get many internships opportunities from third year as well. Majority of the students get placed in the campus it self. recently this year Phonepe visited the college providing 33LPA.",2024-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Piyush Solunke,"Placement Experience:
 
 College provides in campus placement aswell as internships too in 6th sem the student is eligible to go for placements companies like phonepe and Goldman sachs visits the college every year about 85% of students gets guaranteed placement whereas others persue for higher education",2024-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Parth Manekar,"Placement Experience:
 
 The Placemets of this college is really good ,you become eligible for placements from 6 th sem, Some of the Top recruiting companies are PhonePe, Adobe,Master Card, Seimens ,Barclays ,BMC, tcs, infosys, BNY, the highest salary is 42 LPA and the average salary is 12.5 LPA , almost 80-85% students get placed.",2024-07-28,CollegeDuniya
Atharva Sonar,"Placement Experience:
 
 Placement opportunity in college are excellent all good recruiters like Barclays,Adobe, PhonePe, Veritas, BMC, BNY mellon, Goldman Sachs and even some mass recruiters come for campus placements Most of the students who get internships are offered PPO by companies The highest international package is 1.12 Crore and Indian package is around 42 LPA, The average salary is around 12-12.5 LPA Percentage of placement is very good, you dont get placed only if you were lazy to learn some skills during 4 years, all types of recruiters like fin tech, finance, software, hardware companies visit college for campus placements The College also supports Enterprunership, Startups and Business mindsets there are clubs like EDC and pfisoc for this Some alumni are even in film and music industry for which all credits goes to PICT art circle Big chunk of students even prefer for doing masters in foreign countries like USA and UK The college also promotes aspirations of civil services",2024-07-26,CollegeDuniya
Riddhi Lahare,"Placement Experience:
 
 At the beginning of 5th semester students become eligible for on-campus internship opportunities. And at the beginning of 7th semester students become eligible for campus placements. Companies visiting PICT are Adobe, PhonePay, Barclays, MasterCard and many more. Highest package until now of a PICT student is 44L and average is 12L. Nearly 95% students get placed in PICT.",2024-06-30,CollegeDuniya
Manish Mansing Patil,"Placement Experience:
 
 In my college campus placement is good as this college is second number in the whole Maharashtra State. All the famous companies like Adobe ,Mastercard ,Phonepe, Infosys, etc. The highest package was upto 47 lakh and lowest is of 6 lakh.The percentage students are placed are 75 .",2024-06-24,CollegeDuniya
Shreyas Kulkarni,"Placement Experience:
 
 The campus placements for internships starts from third year and for full time roles it starts from the start of final year. The campus visitors are big fin tech companies such as Mastercard, Deustche bank, BNY Mellon, etc. Almost 90 % students got placements. The average package offered is 12 LPA.",2024-06-13,CollegeDuniya
Tejas Patil,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students are eligible for internships from 5th semester and can even get pre placement offers by the 6th or 7th semester. Companies start recruitments from 7th semester and the average package of PICT is 10-14 LPA depending on your branch",2024-06-07,CollegeDuniya
ANIKET,"Placement Experience:
 
 The placement of this college is concider to the best among any other engineering collage in pune . Various companies like phone pay adobi visit our campus for placements for every year . About 94% of all student are placed . With the highest placement offer package of 47 lpa",2024-05-24,CollegeDuniya
Nishad,"Placement Experience:
 
 Placement is the main attraction of this college. Students are eligible for campus placement from third year. There are various companies visiting the college for placement such as Adobe, Arista Networks, Phonepay. The highest package offered was 47LPA.",2024-05-24,CollegeDuniya
omkar mutyalwar,,2024-05-24,CollegeDuniya
Asmita Mhetre,"Placement Experience:
 
 from 7th semester students become eligible for campus placements . phone pay , sculburge , infosys , tcs , mastecard ,barclys and many more . highest packages is 33 lpa and average package is 12 lpa . 100% students got placements",2024-05-20,CollegeDuniya
Atharva Malve,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 The syllabus here is little bit challenging as we are having some subjects that's is of no use in future and the subject is not even easy it's very complex to understand so we can't focus on our coding challenges",2024-04-17,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Course curriculum is best , I influenced to choose this course because I want to career in this electronics field , tehre is lot of job opportunities for students in this field , and the avg salary is also good ,the range of learning area is also wide ,so students can take admission for the course",2024-04-15,CollegeDuniya
Vishwa Borgave,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Specific aspects for choosing this branch is Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering is the oldest branch in engineering field Tehre areot of job opportunities in this field, this is pure hardware branch , but nowadays the some part of the engineering is included the software part So the students can get the jobs in hardware companies We use the daily home appliances like RV , Fridge,AC, Washing machine , such types of Electronics items , so the job opportunities are high Also the salary is good in this feild",2024-04-09,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 The college is well known especially for its good placements. Average placement for all branches is more than average. It might have best placement amongst all colleges in Maharashtra after VJTI and COEP. TnP cell is also very supportive.",2024-03-19,CollegeDuniya
Vedant,"Placement Experience:
 
 It is one of top colleges in Maharashtra in case of placements . It would even surpass COEP in placements. Last year ie 2023 batch had average package of 12lpa. The placement report is available on the college website. As for the placement scene for year 2024 due to recession there has been much reduction in placement ratio.",2023-12-18,CollegeDuniya
Aditya Bandgar,"Placement Experience:
 
 The college offers very good placements. The students are eligible for the placements from the 7th semester. The company such as phonepe ,MasterCard, Barclays and many others which has a reputed market in the industry visit our college for the campus placement. Almost 90% of students get placed every year. Our college also provides a good guidance for the higher education in the abroad.",2023-12-18,CollegeDuniya
Ashish,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students are placed in well companies. They get average salary about 10 to 11 lpa. Many multi national companies also come to hire students. Students also get chance to work in foreign country. They got chance to work foreign companies.",2023-12-18,CollegeDuniya
Durvesh Vetale,,2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Aniket Valte,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students at pict become eligible for campus placements from the seventh semester. Top companies like phonepay bny mellon visited our campus, offering diverse roles in software development, analytics, and consulting. The highest package was a remarkable 33 lpa with an average package of 12 lpa Approximately 95% of students secured placements, a testament to the university's commitment to fostering employability. As for my plans, I aim to pursue a career in artificial intelligence, leveraging the strong foundations",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Pratik,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 If you attend a training course or take a university class for your education, you may write an essay. Here is an example introduction for a student essay: During the summer of 2020, only 14% of Greenview University undergraduate students pursued an internship. In an internship, students can develop their technical skills, build network connections and learn whether a certain career is right for them. There are some potential cons to internships, including time commitments and potentially low salaries. In this essay, I will compare the potential advantages and disadvantages of having a summer internship during graduate school and show how internships prepare students for their careers. Blog post",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Jagannath jadhav,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Faculties are so helpful and humble .All the students always prefer colllege professors to solve their doubts . ONly attendace criteria is the issue to take in consideration . All the faculties of different subjects always take extra sessions to complete syallabus.",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Gurunath Salve,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students are eligible for campus placements in the final year. There are number of recruiters coming each year providung good packages. I also plan to sit for placements and get a good job through the campus placements.",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Shreyas,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Faculty members of the college are very good but college is strict regarding the attendance and course purposes.you have to strictly follow all the rules and do sincerely college. term exams are according to university like insen and endsem",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Gandip Karande,,2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Jadhav Ajay Jagannathrao,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Clg paculty us good . They all are good looking and hard working. We can trust them . Ni need to study by taking coaching or you tube videos . The pict clg is known for its strictness but believe me their biggest asset is fear.",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Varad Kabra,"Placement Experience:
 
 PICT is quite known for its placement opportuanities, for which every student is looking for during engineering As well as PICT has the highesr percentage of students getting placements with an average of 600000",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Shruti Chavan,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 I choose this course because I have keen interest in this.Also I am willing to learn core domain things with IT technology so that I can correlate how things work how communication works Also this course has technical subjects like database management and programming languages and obviously core subjects like microcontroller and all electronic circuits",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Isha Sancheti,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Overall it is very good course with highly qualified faculties and teaching is also top notch. All facilities are either PhD or persuing PhD, with almost 10-15 years of experience and expertise in their respective subject.",2023-12-15,CollegeDuniya
Pranav,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 All faculty members are highly qualified and PhD holders all labs are well equipped and all practicals are performed on regular basis teachers are very supportive and helpful every student who wishes to get into PICT exams are happen at sppu University",2023-11-04,CollegeDuniya
Nikunj,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 The course curriculum is designed by SPPU University which is quite good and useful. The faculty is not that good especially the maths teacher from 1st year. Faculty to student ratio is 1 teacher per 50 students batch. Faculty are quite educated some are PhD as well. Term exams are every 4 months i.e, at the end of the semester",2023-05-23,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 Computer engineering is a most in-demand branch. There are many job opportunities for computer engineers. PICT follows the SPPU curriculum. The faculty is good. Faculties have completed post-graduation or PhD. The teaching method is good. There are course outcomes and program outcomes given which have to be fulfilled after completion of the course. There are 8 semesters in 4years course. Each semester has insem and endsem exams. Insem is conducted in between semesters and endsem is conducted at end of the semester. It is not very difficult to pass the exams but it is difficult to get a good score.",2023-02-26,CollegeDuniya
Ankit Wagh,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 The faculty people are good and have adequate knowledge of there subject but the collage campus is too small also large number of students takes admission here around 800 per year and it has around 200 staff. Examination are based on medium difficulty.",2023-02-25,CollegeDuniya
Krishna Darak,"Placement Experience:
 
 When comes to placement the college is best among all the other colleges in Pune. Many companies visit colleges during placement drives and almost 100 per cent of students get placed. The average package during 2022 was more than 9lpa",2023-01-27,CollegeDuniya
abhi,"Placement Experience:
 
 Placements at our college are quite good in taking account of the fact being a tier 2 college and branch. Even the students not from cs or its branch land up in a decent company with satisfactory pay. About 184 students got placed this year out of 260 students on the campus that too from the electronics branch itself with grabbing a good paycheck in their hand. One more thing students have not yet entered their final semester yet. College provides placement opportunities from the end of 3rd year. College also provides many internship opportunities for students in their 2nd year only.",2023-01-10,CollegeDuniya
Behara Roshan Kumar,"Placement Experience:
 
 Campus placement happens in 7th sem Samsung Electronics, phonepe, bajaj fin serve, and UBS were some companies, and the highest package last year was 1.12 crore by Amazon, and this season it is still going on. The average package is 13.5 lakhs. More than 90 percent of students get placed",2020-04-22,CollegeDuniya
Sumit pardeshi,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 I chose this field because I love digital works like photo editing, web designing, and making programs that can help us makes life easier. About my college education: It's fun and interesting because you are engaging in digital works and more. has a student-to-faculty ratio of 49:1, meaning that for every teacher, there are eight students.",2020-04-22,CollegeDuniya
Anurag Anil Mundada,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 It is very nice. The course is well-defined and well-conducted by the faculty at the Pune Institute Of Computer Technology. The curriculum of pict is balanced as it takes the study scene from low to top.",2020-04-18,CollegeDuniya
Shreyas Depura,"Course Curriculum Overview:
 
 It is the most trending course nowadays. There is a lot of carrier option. All faculties are highly qualified. They are mostly engineers. For 20 students there is 1 faculty. Teaching methods are good. Term exams are not timely. They suddenly declare about the exams.",2020-04-09,CollegeDuniya
Yash Sarda,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students become eligible from the 6th semester for campus placements. Placements in pict are damn good. Some of the best companies that give outstanding packages are PhonePE, cred, TCS, Infosys, etc. The highest package of 2022 was 54 LPA given by cred. The average package ranges from 8-10 lakhs. Around 94% of students get placed every year. I plan to do a start-up.",2020-04-01,CollegeDuniya
Bhavesh Oswal,"Placement Experience:
 
 PICT is famous only for its placements. College is having good placement drive with more than 100 companies making offers with an average placement of 10 LPA and up. Highest went around 43 LPA and mostly 100% placements except for students opting for masters. My plan is to take up a job offer.",2020-03-26,CollegeDuniya
Nikhil Nandkumar Awatade,"Placement Experience:
 
 When it comes to placement, the college offers the best placements for its students. Nearly all students are placed after graduation. The placement rate is almost above 90 %. Good and reputable companies visit colleges for internships",2020-03-25,CollegeDuniya
Aniket Dhumal,"Placement Experience:
 
 There is only one good thing in PICT that is the training and placement cell. PICT provides one of best campus placement in Pune. TnP staffs also good and supportive regarding placement queries. If you can be just an avarage in studies you will definitely get placed",2024-11-01,CollegeDuniya
Sahil Sehgal,"Placement Experience:
 
 The placement of our college is top-notch. Around 115+ companies visited the campus. The placement record of entc is also too good. There are many students who prefer PICT ENTC over many college CSE. The average package is around 11.42 LPA for the companies that provide above 5 lakh. The overall average package is around 11.08 LPA. This is the overall average package of all branches.",2020-03-24,CollegeDuniya
Nikhil Awatade,"Placement Experience:
 
 With regard to placement, colleges provide the best placements to students. Almost every student gets placed after graduation. The placement ratio is almost 90+ percent. Good and reputable companies visit the college for placement.",2020-03-16,CollegeDuniya
Deval Shailesh Jivani,"Placement Experience:
 
 There are very big and dream companies visiting the college like Phonepe, Adobe, Amazon, Trilogy innovations, BNY Mellon, Barclay's, etc giving packages above 15 lakh. Almost 90% are getting placement on-campus.",2020-03-03,CollegeDuniya
Sarthak Banaji Dhaytonde,,2020-03-01,CollegeDuniya
Mahesh Paliwal,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students are eligible from 6th and 7th semester for campus placement. Many product based and service based companies like deutsche bank, rakuten, TCS, Accenture, Cognizant, etc with package of 8LPA. Almost 90% of students get placed every year.",2020-02-26,CollegeDuniya
Bhagyashree Suryakant Karnavat,"Placement Experience:
 
 Since University applied a new rule, students have to do an internship compulsory which will be approved by College. College sent multiple emails regarding every new internship they know and students also get stipends around 25000 to 80000, 100000. Then students can apply for placement if they want anytime but colleges offer placement offers to students after the third year first sem. Well known and good company visit the college and give the good package to students. Around 90% of students get placed and few students pursue ME.",2020-02-04,CollegeDuniya
Naman Damani,"Placement Experience:
 
 The placement of PICT is very good. Our college is known for mainly its placements only. In my IT branch this year out of 200 students 190 students got placed in different companies with the highest package of 38lacs per anum. Each year placements of our college increase. This year placements percentage is about 95%. Top companies which come include phonepe, Deutsche bank etc.",2020-02-04,CollegeDuniya
Ruturaj Dilip Patil,"Remarks:
 
 Best college for Comp.Engg. to get into through MHT-CET, Renowned College, strong Alumni, Very Good Placements, specifically dedicated college for technological branches of engg. (Comp.Engg. , IT, EnTC only)",2020-02-02,CollegeDuniya
Dhruvin Mistry,"Placement Experience:
 
 I think it's from Semester 4 that you become eligible for placements. Although you can go for an internship at any point in time. PICT has a very good placement percentage with top companies Microsoft, UBS, TCS, PhonePe, L&T, Yahoo, Barclays, and many more. In the year 2017-18, 66% of students got placed but in the very next year 82% and then in the year 2019-2020 84% of students got placed. The only thing that is a bit troubling is that students in the ENTC department have fewer placement opportunities than CE and IT. I am unsure of my plans right now after my degree, but I do want to go abroad for an MBA degree.",2020-01-05,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 From 6th sem onwards you get placements opportunity provided by the college. The placements percentage is much better. Avg package is about 8 lakh. Many companies visit PICT. The training and placements section plays an important role in placement.",2019-12-04,CollegeDuniya
Tanmay Karmarkar,"Placement Experience:
 
 Students are eligible from the 7th semester for placements. Most of the big tech companies visit PICT. The highest package offered is more than 40 lakhs. The avg package for CS is 10 lakhs. PICT has record placements of more than 90%. I plan to go for an M.Tech degree after completion of the course.",2019-11-28,CollegeDuniya
Shalaka Alkute,"Placement Experience:
 
 From the 7th semester, students are able to opt for placement programs, including companies such as Amazon, Paytm, PhonePe, Google, Deutch, Capgemini, Rakuten etc. The minimum package for overall starts from 5 LPA to 30 to 37 LPA (varies from companies, branch and demand), general count of students getting placements to about 97 to 98 % (to get exact data, year wise, can refer institute website).",2019-10-17,CollegeDuniya
Prerna Prashant Maindarge,"Placement Experience:
 
 Some students are ready from the first sem itself but according to me 3-4 the sem There are various companies that visit our campus. The recent highest package is 44.4 lakh/annum by Microsoft Almost 98-99.99% of students get placed",2019-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 Campus placement is starting from start of the 4th year, average package of our college is about 6-7 lakhs , heights package is of 43.33 lakhs which is offered by Microsoft (off campus) percentage of placement is around 89-90% others are going to do MS and other things otherwise placement percentage is around 96-98%",2019-07-24,CollegeDuniya
Anushree Talele,"Remarks:
 
 It is very good college with great facilities also with great staff. It has good balance of academics and social life. Also the campus area is small so easy accessible to all the resources. And also the surrounding area is very good with lot of food options available.The placement opportunities are great. Maximum number of students are placed. And also the college arranges guidance program which guides students for further career related opportunities. There are various clubs also for cultural activities.",2019-07-21,CollegeDuniya
Rohan Naik,"Remarks:
 
 Initial reasons for joining PICT was because it is a prestigious and reputable college that has distinctive teaching methods that produce great engineers. It is also famous for its high packages that companies offer during placement phase in last year. Good aspects : High packageGreat learning opportunitiesLots to learn and amazing co curricular activities as wellBad aspects : Strict teachersStrict attendance criteria and very harsh learning environments. Hectic and stressfulSmall campus and canteen. If you can deal with the negative aspects. It's the perfect college. To shape you into a tough and capable engineer.",2019-07-13,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 From the 4th-year 1st semester, students are eligible for sitting in campus placements. In Pict 120+ companies visit and almost every student get the job at the end. Just you need to have enough coding skills which the college will itself take care of( you will also have to put efforts to become good in coding) and your communication skills should be nice. The seniors and teachers will guide you throughout. Last year 85% of student got placed with a pretty nice package. My plans after getting the degree are to continue with the job and after 5 years MBA.",2019-07-12,CollegeDuniya
Varun Goyal,"Remarks:
 
 I chose this college for reasonable fees, good student culture, and excellent placements. I had joined the college on 1 August 2016. This college has the most university toppers and the student culture id diverse with many groups such as PICT Robocon, PICT Arts Circle, and students are involved in development of their skills at most times.",2019-07-12,CollegeDuniya
Saini,"Placement Experience:
 
 For the 7th semester, you are eligible for placement. Many big companies visit in the college like phonepe Dusteche bank Goldsach Microsoft Avg package is 8 lakh and the highest package is 91 lakh Almost 84 percent student placed in Pict college.",2019-06-21,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Placement Experience:
 
 At last year(4th ) students are eligible to apply for placements. There are around 100-150 companies visited our company like phone pay, icerties, LTI, etc The highest package of our college is 31 LPA and the average package is 5 LPA. The percentage of getting placed is 80%. As I have already placed an Accenture company I will work there.",2018-11-21,CollegeDuniya
Chaitanya,"Placement Experience:
 
 It's a well-known fact that a campus-like bit will have a very good placement rate and very high packages as well the placement rate is about 96 and the highest package is around 1.5cr. And the remain 5 percent of the unplaced students are mostly the students who choose higher studies. And the avg salary is around 11 lakhs.",2018-05-12,CollegeDuniya
Yash Kakade,"Placement Experience:
 
 From 7th-semester placement starts and it is up to 8th sem. Companies like Google, Microsoft, ZS associates, HSBC, Vodafone, Morgen Stanley, Ubisoft etc. visited in college. Highest package is 35 lakh, Average package is 5 lakh per anum. 80 per cent student placed on the campus.",2018-01-19,CollegeDuniya
Aditya,"Placement Experience:
 
 Campus placements are great especially not only the toppers but the average ones could also get good offers.",2018-01-08,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 Very good placements and coding culture. Admission is based on CET score for 85% seats and Jee score for 15% seats. College is located in pune hence many IT companies visit college for campus hiring.",2017-12-30,CollegeDuniya
Rohan Shelke,"Remarks:
 
 PICT is one of the top college in Pune. The placement rate is also very high compared to other colleges. The facilities provided by the college is very good may it be the labs, infrastructure or extra curricular activities.",2017-11-16,CollegeDuniya
Aakash,"Placement Experience:
 
 Placement in pict is at the top.placment ratio is about 82-85%.Average package is around 7-8lakh per annum. The highest placement in previous year was 40lakh-phonepe.",2017-11-14,CollegeDuniya
Karan Modi,"Placement Experience:
 
 The only thing one can choose pict is placements . placements are very well in pict. Last year there were 95% students placed. And 116 companies visited the campus. And from 95% students 85% students placed in companies giving more than 5 lakhs package. And last year highest package was 45 lakhs.",2017-11-07,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 The College is a well reputed college in Pune City. My priority was to study in Pune so this is the best choice one can have after COEP Pune. The placement records of the college is very vibrant. I was not able to clear marks required to join COEP so this was my obvious choice then.",2017-11-04,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 I choose this college because one gets to learn skills required for IT industry.Also the placements are really good.The competition among is students is very good which motivates an individual to learn new things by themselves",2017-11-04,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 Placements in the college is quite good.The city Pune is the one of the best place for education in India.The IT culture in the college is really cool.The crowd here is divided into groups and if one belongs to the group of intellectual students then progress is for sure",2017-09-26,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 Teaching facilities and placements environment, sincerity, facilities provided by college, hostel. And placement record of co llege is good. And college promotes students for internship also. And PICT is Graded by NAAC.",2017-09-26,CollegeDuniya
Prajwal Chandak,"Remarks:
 
 I chose this college because of its brand name and the placement record. The college is very famous for its technicality and academic discipline. The teaching staff is really good and the student crowd is awesome. The placement of PICT is 100%. All students get placed by the end of their course.",2017-09-14,CollegeDuniya
Avishkar Mane,"Remarks:
 
 The reason for preferring this college over others was that, PICT is ranked in the top five colleges in Maharashtra apart form that the placements and the locality drew my attention a lot. It's more that 70yrs of heritage is remarkable.",2017-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Ashutosh Danwe,"Remarks:
 
 The college is great in terms of academics and extra curricular activities but too strict. We have to follow rules right from when we enter till we leave college. Management is fine. Have to continuously keep looking for opportunities to grab it.",2016-12-21,CollegeDuniya
Anonymous,"Remarks:
 
 It is one of the most famous college in Pune. The placements of the college are very good. Also, the college has a good teaching faculty. The alumni of the college are very good. The college is very good for the overall development.",2016-11-30,CollegeDuniya
Shlok,"Remarks:
 
 The college management is good and is a bit strict.",2016-11-03,CollegeDuniya
Jayashree D,"Remarks:
 
 Positive: Placements in our college is one of highest in Pune so that is the plus point, teaching also is the best here. Negative: Campus of our college is small. For example there only a basketball court where students play football.",2016-10-08,CollegeDuniya
Anuj Mehere,"Remarks:
 
 Great Place to Learn computer science and also the Electronic and Communication technology. The college is well equipped with world-class infrastructure which includes i5 processor pcs installed in the labs and WiFi networks capable of handling the student's requirements during the academic as well as the placement. The Bandwidth offered is up to 300 Gbps.",2016-09-11,CollegeDuniya
shruti garg,"Remarks:
 
 If you want the best placements and you are sincere enough then this is the best college for you to take an admission in pune. The college is very strict and always abides by its rules. The attendance criteria is 75% minimum and it is followed strictly. You need to have 85% attendance or more to score good in the internals.",2016-08-22,CollegeDuniya
Aneesh Berde,"Remarks:
 
 College is good but has a small campus. There are less extra curricular activities included more focus is given on academics than practical knowledge but it is quite good enough. It's small but sweet.",2016-08-20,CollegeDuniya
Aparna Bumb,"Remarks:
 
 I am fond of Technical aspects and exploration. So, I thought that choosing a IT/Computer field would be best for me. Hence, started preparing for the same. And choose this college as it provides a huge platform to learn and explore even the minutest technicalities. This college provides the best staff with a strong support.",2016-05-10,CollegeDuniya
Sushma Avinash Jadhav,"Remarks:
 
 Management in college is good. Not found any issue with it in years. Management start from admission process to leaving certificate process is handled very good and you don't have to wait or anything like that. Even during scholarship forms submission faculty is very supportive and don't get irritate.",2016-01-06,CollegeDuniya
Vinay Gupt,"Remarks:
 
 Very good college. Undoubtedly opt for it if you get it.",2016-01-04,CollegeDuniya
Ranjeet bidwe,"Remarks:
 
 College is very strict management is very strict to maintain the quality of the institute. They regularly visit college and provide the all necessary things required to maintain the quality.",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Mihir,"Remarks:
 
 Administration doesn't have students representation in decision making. Campus is really small for an engineering college of such repute. Stringent policy by faculty in attendance of students; they have marks on attendance. College rarely funds generously to the clubs for arranging events. Placements are good here.",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Atharva Shourikrishna Kulkarni,"Remarks:
 
 Too much focus on attendance, not much extra curricular activities. Sometimes unnecessary harrassment due to attendace issues",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Devesh Chandak,"Remarks:
 
 While taking admission into this college one had to keep in mind that the college doesn't have any great facilities or life but there is a surity of God placement and a bright future.",2015-12-06,CollegeDuniya
Mahesh Jarhad,"Remarks:
 
 College is very initiative and enthusiastic in Computer technology and researches. Negative remark is that their schedule is very hectic and provides less holidays compare to other college and universities.",2015-11-19,CollegeDuniya
Aditya Kangune,"Remarks:
 
 Uhh. sorry to say but our college has really small campus. Nevertheless it doesn't matter.But still the problem of sports grounds is an issue.We play badminton, cricket, football, basketball on the same ground.",2015-11-15,CollegeDuniya
Vishwatej Harer,"Remarks:
 
 Our college focuses more on academics. It follows the university strictly. 75% attendance is compulsory and verified after every month. Our placements are best in Maharashtra among all private engineering colleges.",2015-11-15,CollegeDuniya
Abhijeet Mahajan,"Remarks:
 
 College is quite nice but it should have been bigger than present. The college ground os quite small and have only basket ball and table tennis court but there should be one big ground where students can jog and play cricket,football etc.",2015-11-14,CollegeDuniya
Shameem Ajare,"Remarks:
 
 The best thing about PICT is that no matter what your interests are, there's always a place for you. There are photographers, writers, singers, actors, graphic designers, programmers, all in one campus. You get plenty of opportunities to showcase your talent. Whenever you need any advice, there are seniors, and teachers who are always ready to help you.",2015-11-08,CollegeDuniya
Shubham korde,"Remarks:
 
 Positive remarks are placement are awesome teaching faculty is great to teach and then very supportive college about project help and everything related that and then teachers are supportive too for everything they have in their hand",2015-11-05,CollegeDuniya
Atharva Nitin Savdekar,"Remarks:
 
 College is a bit strict but job placements are unmatchable. You need to maintain the minimum attendance criteria in this College. You need to be good in academics as well. If you fail in internal examination you need to write extra assignments.",2015-09-20,CollegeDuniya
Bhagyashri Lohar,"Remarks:
 
 The college is good in placement, management is good but you need to keep your attendance above 80,85%",2020-04-09,CollegeDuniya
Chaitanya jitendra uttarwar,"Remarks:
 
 Positive remark is that placement are wonderful and all the teachers are well qualified teachers. There's no question about ragging in our college. Negative remarks is that the college campus is small.",2020-04-01,CollegeDuniya
Prathamesh Rathi,"Remarks:
 
 The campus is bit small and boring. Otherwise it is one of the best colleges in India comparing to iits and nits. It tops in the ranking of top colleges. The placement scenario here makes the child to opt for the college.",2020-03-26,CollegeDuniya
Navin Bhandari,"Remarks:
 
 Since I had joined college depending on that I would remark it as neutral. Because definitely its not like that what I had dream of. But though some things are missing and something are compensating it.",2020-03-25,CollegeDuniya
Onkar Deshpande,"Remarks:
 
 College is quite strict in its curriculum for first and second year students. Students have to maintain good score and attendance in First year. But it's worth for it's good placements and teaching. The competition in here is very good.",2020-03-24,CollegeDuniya
Mahesh Somani,"Remarks:
 
 I can honestly say that college is too good for placement offers. But if you want to have fun only then this is not your place. You will get everything in proportion if you get in PICT. PICT don't have any sports, Gym facilities. Also College campus won't impress you at all.",2020-03-16,CollegeDuniya
Siddhesh Tundulwar,"Remarks:
 
 Pros - Academic balance is good, Placements are best, Faculty is good, Labs are Good, Large space in central Library, Large space for parking, Best Sports events are celebrated, co-operative staff. Cons - Infrastructure not good, Less space for Hostels, Less support for cultural fest.",2020-03-03,CollegeDuniya
Karan Boonlia,"Remarks:
 
 PICT is a pretty good college and it depends upon the students to use their time wisely and create a future for themselves.",2020-03-01,CollegeDuniya
Pratik,"Remarks:
 
 Pros - 1. Good College placements- lots of MNC's with good package visits pict Cons:- 1. College campus :- College campus is so small that it has only one small volleyball ground and less parking space",2020-02-26,CollegeDuniya
midhun nair,"Remarks:
 
 Placements are very good in PICT, due alumni who where placed in company have work very well there. Many famous company's come to college for placements like Google, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley , NVIDIA, Rakutan etc offering from 8 to30 lac per annul.",2020-02-04,CollegeDuniya
Amit,"Remarks:
 
 The college has good placements but the thing is college is too strict. The attendance is so compulsory that we get tired sometimes to maintain this 75% attendance. But the also troubles the students between 75 to 80 attendance student.",2020-02-04,CollegeDuniya
Amartya Pedge,"Remarks:
 
 If you want a chill life don't think of this college at all.But if you want placements n all then this is the right place but you have to study all of the time here and do numerous assignments on time .I suggest you not to take admission in this college.This is very strict college.You have to wear identity card to enter the college.",2020-02-02,CollegeDuniya
Pranav Kurkure,"Admission:
 
 I got admission against CAP round held by the authority. I got admission in another local college which I didn't like at all. But after all I got admission in my dream college due to against CAP round held by college.",2020-01-05,CollegeDuniya
Suraj Ade,"Remarks:
 
 Placements are awesome. Faculty is awesome. There are many opportunities in all the areas of interest. But management is not that good. I will rate them 4 out of 10. And rest are 8 out of 10. That's it.",2019-12-04,CollegeDuniya
Ashish,"Remarks:
 
 Yes our college can seem a bit strict but it eventually helps us in our college life and hence we get in routine of it and our college also gets strict for attendance so you have to attend classes and it helps finally in practicals and all. It's overall a good college.",2019-11-28,CollegeDuniya
Sonali Gour,"Remarks:
 
 One of the top colleges if you want to pursue Computer Engineering in Pune after COEP. The college is very strict and disciplined so mostly it is like reliving school days. The campus isnt that big so dont have very high expectations",2019-10-17,CollegeDuniya
Abhi,"Remarks:
 
 Their is no negative comment in college.But it lacks at some non technical and sports.The college is very strict . Placements are good as compared to other college in the university.Faculty and structure is also good.",2019-08-08,CollegeDuniya
Shubham,"Remarks:
 
 The college is good in many aspects like placements and infrastructure but campus is small but college has only 3 branches CS , IT and E&TC also it is one of the top engineering college in state. The students and environment is good.",2019-07-24,CollegeDuniya
Dinesh,"Remarks:
 
 Over-all the college is very good if you want to get placed in MNC and all plus you will be strict as the routine is very strict here.So before here you should be punctual or you would not be able to survive here and the environment is very good if u are a bright student who is very punctual to his work plus you will get a great job.",2019-07-21,CollegeDuniya
Sarang Marotrao Akolkar,"Remarks:
 
 College is very very strict for your attendance and academics and i'm repeating. They try to put u always busy in some non sense stuffs (assignments).U dont think about college life in PICT it is very different from other colleges.Its like PICT School and they will tell u this on very first day. Positive's are u eill definitely gets placed in good software companies with better packages.Only Software Companies visit the college there only 3 to 4 core companies for ENTC are available but no need to worry about because all the students are allowed to sit for software companies and u get placed easily.",2019-07-13,CollegeDuniya
Rupesh Kailas Mali,"Remarks:
 
 positive thing is the placements. but negative thing is that there is no campus life.Life becomes frustrating.There is no enjoyment.You will not feel to come and attend the college.Also 75% attendance is compulsory.There is no playground to play outdoor games other than basketball amd volleyball.",2019-07-12,CollegeDuniya
Ashish Kshirsagar,"Remarks:
 
 The most negative thing about our college is it is bounded by the SPPU norms and thus it cannot do what is beneficial to students knowing that would help them. The most positive thing about our college is it is very strict and disciplined and it creates a positive environment among the students and help them build a great career.",2019-07-12,CollegeDuniya
Ankit Rathi,"Remarks:
 
 Actually, this college in strict this is the most strict college in Pune. And this is very small the playground is very small apart from that the placement is very very good excellent. The hostel of the college is not good at all.",2019-06-21,CollegeDuniya
Priyanka,"Remarks:
 
 I didn't find any bad about college.you will learn here discipline and hard work.strictness is strictly maintained here.good friend circle and to get chance in participate in lot of activities",2018-11-21,CollegeDuniya
Anurag Pandey,"Remarks:
 
 The college is small but great. The placements and staff over here are great but there is small problem of attendance . You need to strictly keep your attendance above over 75% both in theory and practicals . So that's a little bummer. But overall I would suggest that it is the best college in Pune for engineering.",2018-05-12,CollegeDuniya
Nimbalkar Snehal Dipak,"Remarks:
 
 My overall experience in my college is best i am glad that I chose this college,whatever the improvements in me now is just because of the competitive culture in my college ,if you are very sincere about your academics and mainly interested in engineering then the college is best for that.",2018-01-19,CollegeDuniya
Chaudhari Swapnil Suresh,"Remarks:
 
 College is specialised for Computer, IT and E&tc branch.Other branches are not in this college. College overall is very good. Infrastructure is not good and small campus however college placement and education is very good.",2018-01-08,CollegeDuniya
Snehal Jaywant Ghadling,"Remarks:
 
 When I got this college for the 2 nd year that time I am confused any mistake happen from me by joining this college but when I attend the lecture and Practicals at that time I realized I not done any mistake Clg facility and teaching methodology very best. Good that I want to highlight. My overall experience in campus is very good.",2017-12-30,CollegeDuniya
Mahesh Badrinarayan Somani,"Remarks:
 
 The college n college fds company at its best level. Approximately 80-85% placement rate is followed is Pict.Entc branch follow most placement about 84% com and IT branches also have placement ratio of 80-84%. As the placement in is more still students are not able to get high salary job.",2017-11-16,CollegeDuniya
Harshit Malpani,"Remarks:
 
 Teachers are well qualified and experienced. Student quality is very good. All the labs are very well equipped. Library is very good. Campus is a little-bit small. Canteen food is not that much good.",2017-11-14,CollegeDuniya
Saurabhmohrir,"Remarks:
 
 College is good for those who does not get CS in nit,Coep,Vjti and also want good package.You should not get into this college if you want to enjoy college life fully",2017-11-07,CollegeDuniya
tushar,"Remarks:
 
 College is very good to explore the inner skills of the students so students will perform effectively.In this college all the staffs are very friendly with the student.",2017-11-04,CollegeDuniya
Chetan,"Remarks:
 
 Overall college is very exellent to build our thinking on to the board .so staffs always gives their 100% to make you even better.",2017-11-04,CollegeDuniya
Shubham,"Remarks:
 
 Its campus is not at all satisfactory . But teaching and academically it is best. Campus experience is quite good",2017-09-26,CollegeDuniya
Vishal Omprakash Bajaj,"Remarks:
 
 The college campus is small.it is very Strict in where teachers expect you to attend each and every lecture.So this is not for those who want a college life.time management becomes extremely important.management is very active and takes extreme steps in regard to college quality and placements.Computer engineering is undoubtedly the best in pune and placements is good.Life is not so good.Anyway it is BRAIN WITHOUT BEAUTY.",2017-09-26,CollegeDuniya
Akshay Bhise,"Remarks:
 
 PICT is one of the best college from INDIA. It has a huge campus placement drive. campus area is small. Due to under university, college have to face some restriction.",2017-09-14,CollegeDuniya
Mathangi Krisnamurthi,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I got admission through AIEEE, this was my first choice of college in through the CAP process. My only two choices of courses being Computer Science and Information Technology, on getting Information technology at my college of choice, I was went ahead with the same. The admission process itself, since centralised was simple and easy without requiring too much time or extra visits to the college campus.",2017-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Sanved Joshi,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I hot admission based on my MH CET score of 160. This was the best college I could get into. Although I could get into colleges like COEP and VJTI for branches like production, I opted for mainstream branch of IT and because of shear history of PICT.",2016-12-21,CollegeDuniya
Evleensingh Thakral,"Entrance Preview:
 
 JEE, BITSAT, VITEEE, LPU, MH-CET, PICT is the leading college in the maharashtra state for IT, CS and ENTC related engineering courses.",2016-11-30,CollegeDuniya
akash bais,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I opted for almost all the competitive exams and had a fair enough score, but I scored very less in the jee mains, which was my main aim. I had good score in MHCET and was able to get admitted in reputed colleges in India but PICT was the best for electronics and telecommunications and it the placements there were outstandingly good.",2016-11-03,CollegeDuniya
Vinayak Tejankar,"Remarks:
 
 College is pretty good if you can suffice with less materialistic facilities. It is really good for studies and a great college life.",2016-10-08,CollegeDuniya
Sagar Bhatewara,"Entrance Preview:
 
 MHT-CET 2008 Score : 184/200 The college is one of the best college for computer engineering in India. Different students from different part of India join the college and Placements are excellent.",2016-09-11,CollegeDuniya
saket,"Remarks:
 
 Good college, i like it, i study hard, got good placement.",2016-08-22,CollegeDuniya
Dhanesh Bankar,"Entrance Preview:
 
 Actually I had applied with my diploma score. The PICT is one of best private college for Entc , IT and Computer engineering. They have best placement records.",2016-08-20,CollegeDuniya
Harsh,"Remarks:
 
 Good remark about this college is that it is a excellent place for a computer geek.",2016-05-10,CollegeDuniya
Shardul Samdurkar,"Remarks:
 
 The campus life is awesome, the college have it's own robocon team which stood fivth across the nation. There are alsa soft skills lecture and cocurricular lectures. The mess food is not up to the mark.",2016-01-06,CollegeDuniya
Shardul Samdurkar,"Entrance Preview:
 
 JEE-Mains. I scored 100 i opted this college because it is the 2nd best college in Pune and 8th all over India in private colleges",2016-01-04,CollegeDuniya
Shardul Samdurkar,"Entrance Preview:
 
 JEE-Mains I scored 100. I opted this college because it is the 2nd best college in Pune and 8th all over India in private colleges.",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Shardul Samdurkar,"Remarks:
 
 The campus life is awesome the college have it's own robocon team which stood fivth across the nation. There are alsa soft skills lecture and cocurricular lectures the mess food is not up to the mark.",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Ratnasagar Dongare,"Entrance Preview:
 
 MHT-CET-114. I could get a good engineering college near by locality from my hometown. Also I could weekly give visit to my hometown.Also the college is reputed college offering good placements.",2016-01-03,CollegeDuniya
Tushar Rathi,"Entrance Preview:
 
 BE (IT) during my time we don't need to give any entrance examination. The 12th score and PCM (Physics, Chemistry and Maths) score used to be considered. This college is renowned and used to come at 2nd position for engineering course within Pune (1st position: COEP, Pune).",2015-12-06,CollegeDuniya
Piyush Rungta,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I took AIEEE. I loved writing code and this was the best college in Maharashtra. Hence, I took the decision of attending PICT.",2015-11-19,CollegeDuniya
Sandesh Mutha,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I was selected in merit basis based on my diploma marks. Although I got the last seat I was happy and proud to be a part of the college. Students here are mostly through cet and IIT jee .",2015-11-15,CollegeDuniya
Mannav V,"Remarks:
 
 The earlier years of management was very strict and had bit of attitude which was making student fear about the college teachers and senior staff members. Probably it was to maintain high standards of keeping college on top of the list in the state and re",2015-11-15,CollegeDuniya
Pankaj Singh,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I gave JEE- MAINS for getting admission in this college. I got 134 marks in this examination. There are cap rounds where cutoff is decided and we get a college as per our marks.As this college is near my home and also it's a prestigious colleges, its the first college in Maharastra to have computer engineering course .",2015-11-14,CollegeDuniya
Prasad Zaware,"Entrance Preview:
 
 I am a diploma student. So I had taken direct second year admission in this college. I scored 88.89? aggregate in my last year of diploma. And according to government cap round I got my admission here. Thus college is known for its strictness, discipline. I choose this particular college because of its placements only.",2015-11-08,CollegeDuniya
Pranali Deshmukh,"Entrance Preview:
 
 MHCET 127 I wanted to take addmission in COEP which is top college in pune. But due to less marks I opted for PICT because I wanted to do Computer or IT engineering therefore I choose PICT.",2015-11-05,CollegeDuniya
Ayush Roongta,"Entrance Preview:
 
 JEE mains score 167, through management (though). One of Top 3 colleges under pune University and its known for ita computer courses.",2015-09-20,CollegeDuniya
Shreyash Tatia,"Entrance Preview:
 
 JEE Main , I heard About the reputation of this college plus the placement stats which brought me here at PICT.",2015-09-17,CollegeDuniya
,,,
Adwait Nagarkar,"A fantastic environment for learning and personal development, featuring state-of-the-art amenities such as a well-equipped reading hall, security services, medical facilities, free WiFi, and separate hostels for both male and female students. The campus also boasts basketball and volleyball grounds, along with a table tennis hall. Additionally, it offers a rich array of technical clubs such as CSI, PASC, IEEE, and Robotics, complemented by non-technical clubs like the art circle and pictorial. The institution hosts exciting events like Pulzion, INC, and Addiction.",2024-05-10,Google Map
Rahul Shah,"The college is good in terms of teaching and placements.
 Campus is very small. Sports activities are limited.
 Also hostel facility inside the campus is limited to around 100. Boys and girls have separate hostel.
 Canteen is good",2023-06-16,Google Map
Varad Gorhe,Studied here from 2017 - 2021. One of the top colleges in Maharashtra. Excellent placement record.,2024-10-22,Google Map
Shreyash Dhane,"Good academic faculties and lesser fee structure as compared to other private institutes .
 The campus is very small but the number of classrooms and labs are sufficient.
 There are only two playgrounds.",2020-02-11,Google Map
Alkesh Ghorpade,"One of the best college in Pune. The campus is small but has amazing staff and teachers.
 Lot of exposure on tech side and campus placements are the best.",2021-12-06,Google Map
Rushil Palwe,"Great institute, great expertise in technical education. The college campus is small, but it is sufficient. The college only provides three branches, Computer Engineering, Information Technology and Electronics and Telecommunications, which makes it sufficient to accommodate in a smaller campus. Quality of education is great.",2017-09-08,Google Map
AKSHAY PAITHANKAR,One of the Best college for computer engineering,2024-08-03,Google Map
Priyanshu Mahukhaye,"Best Private college in Maharashtra
 Campus placements are next level
 If you get here by any chance, just blindly take the admission, you won't regret it.
 
 P.S. : unless you are aiming for COEP, this college is besttt",2022-11-17,Google Map
Shreyash Bukkawar,One of the best colleges in Maharashtra. Great placement,2024-12-08,Google Map
Arpit Khandelwal,"A good bachelors college for Computers, IT and ENTC. Recently there has been a few infrastructural changes.",2018-02-04,Google Map
Ashok Gurjar,"Pune Institute of Computer Technology is a private unaided engineering college located in Dhankawadi, Pune, India. Established by the Society for Computer Technology and Research, SCTR in 1983. It's a nice College for Computer engineering and I'm not study there but i hear that there student placement are very good.so it's a very good college.",2018-08-21,Google Map
Deelip Patil,"One best collage in Pune for Computer, E& TC, IT education and job placement.",2022-06-29,Google Map
Gurbachan Bava,"Faculty members are soft spoken but Administrative staff are very rude. Admission Dynamic Spot round eventhough extended till 7.30 pm by government, college had closed admission process at 6.00 pm on 25.08.23. Injustice to deserving students. The question here is if any student cancels admission, how will that vacant seat be filled by college? Who will get that seat??",2023-08-26,Google Map
Chaitali Agarwal,"Compared to other engg Colleges in Pune... pict is among the renowned colleges for comp, it, and entc departments.... though the college is small but it has on campus girls and boys hostels(obviously in different buildings) if u have been to or belong to mit, coep or pccoe or etc u definitely feel this place is too small",2018-04-16,Google Map
Sarthak Gawari,"Being a computer college it struggles with wifi connections , dirty washrooms and an over engaging academics",2024-10-06,Google Map
Soham Borkar,"Absolutely beautiful place, and strict also. You can't enter without ID card (as per my experience). You will enjoy delicious food outside this college. At last and importantly, very best college in Pune after COEP.",2022-12-03,Google Map
Vinay Nair,"No doubt one of the most amazing colleges for Computer Science and Electronics. There are only 3 departments CS, IT and EnTC, but all produce amazing engineers if not amazing entrepreneurs. Equipped with appropriate amenities for physically challenged individuals, and a library to sink into, this college definitely is one of the best in Pune",2021-11-15,Google Map
Kartik More,"2019-23 IT batch
 
 Small college campus, just great supportive seniors and staff.
 
 Boys Hostel is average.
 Girls hostel they say is decent.
 
 Mess you can try, at my time I had a horrible experience, but it seems they have improved.
 
 You'll love the shops in front all the needs are met. Stationary or fastfoody. Just keep it under control and take care of your health.
 
 REVIEW AT FINAL DAY OF MY B.E.-
 The lady teachers(IT) just freaking boss around and mess you up for small mistakes and frustrate you for no reason. Like they are there for just checking not teaching. Ofc you have your flaws at the end of the day. But PICT should rethink how they treat students.
 
 I'll say learn more about business, sales, marketing, what's going on there in the world because the world in the pict is very very small.
 
 Enjoy the events, parties, talks with seniors.
 
 Teachers are very diligent,smart and awesome. Choose your pick and spend your time with them.
 
 Make friendships, break them, form new ones. Have a great college life. Know that college won't create it. You'll have to do it yourself. Have a good one.",2024-01-23,Google Map
KALYANA SUNDARAM,"Won't recommend this college at all. My respectful opinion is that this college is a jail wherein students or faculty need gatepasses to go out unlike other colleges around. Open learning atmosphere may not occur at all. No industry exposure occurs. Students are not taken by the departments to see all types of engineering industries. Admissions department customer service to parents is very poor. An absence of Parking space and other facilities gives a feeling of lack of infrastructure. Students are not treated well and medical help /facilities on campus need to be present for an emergency. Psychological Counsellors for students are not present. First year Engineer workshop is pathetic. No decent playtime shown in the timetable.. And you will rarely if ever see this college practice sports or dance or dramatics. Therefore Overall development of the student is possibly absent. Very little time or effort is displayed as to how Faculty never spend time for slow learners. ( Nobody answers this anyway) If your child is creative ( not a book worm) and has a higher IQ AsKS questions , or Logically sound choose some other institution. You will rarely see Punekars taking admissions here.",2022-09-15,Google Map
Dana Dolph,Admission criteria not clear. Website is not proper and it leads to out of college rep and corruption . No clear rep to provide guidelines .,2024-07-04,Google Map
Parag Jambhulkar,Best College for Engineering studies,2024-11-29,Google Map
PRATHMESH YADAV,"This is well known engineering institute in pune. It has computer science, information technology, electronic and telecommunication branches. It also had 2 shifts of teaching. In college, we can play basketball, volleyball, table tennis on respective court.",2022-07-23,Google Map
Satish Shravan,"I like this college....
 Because here education is very nice and they develop Professional Engineers not just Engineer...... The teaching staff is very very good.
 ..and they have the perfect knowledge about their teaching subjects....
 In this college only 3 Field are available for B tech...
 1.ENTC
 2.computer
 3.IT..
 They have strictly rule. Like for 2 wheeler without helmet we cannot enter in college..
 And also college ID is compulsory for gate entry....",2019-02-10,Google Map
Manoj Shinde,"We are came here for inquiry regarding Admission for Computer Engineering .
 But process in centralise and online .",2021-07-05,Google Map
I am_ TAVISH,Very good environment and greenery around. Yes college xampus is small but that's shouldn't be the area of concern the academics and infrastructure should be good and that all i found is upto the mark.,2022-10-17,Google Map
Anuj Pujari,It is one of the best Institute i have ever visited and proud of being PICT'ian,2021-12-06,Google Map
Sudhanshu K.,"Awesome College...In Pune..Excellent placement opportunities. Many companies like Morgan Stanley, nvidia, etc. Visit here who give excellent packages. Internship opportunities are great here. The average package given to a PICT student is always much more than any other college...even COEP...Best for Computer,IT and even for Extc",2018-04-20,Google Map
Saurabh Bhargande,"Good staff,good students,nice facilities,strong placement record,This college has produced talent not only in academic domain but also domain like arts etc.College supports art circle, purushottam karandak,robocon etc.It is one of the best colleges not only in pune, Maharashtra,India but also in Asia",2018-08-06,Google Map
Suraj Mundalik,Best college among private colleges in Maharashtra other than IIT's. Only one thing is best about this college Placements. Staff is okay okay. Strictness level is tremendous cant even imagine.,2017-11-29,Google Map
revathi vazhayil,The best college in Maharashtra for comp science other than IIT. Excellent placements equal to top level NITs. Only students serious about studies need go there. For people looking forward to an easy and casual college life it may be a taxing experience.,2012-08-22,Google Map
pratik khondre,"I actually came on the PICT college for the project competition. And i dont had Good experience at college. I win the 2nd prize at project competition, but they distributes the same winner trophy to every one 1 st one also get same winner trophy 2nd also same winner trophy. They printed a one lakh Rupees prize to the winner but at the prize distribution time the announce this year is a agricultural theme and any project in not fit in the theme any other project is dont have much potential to win the price. They actually give the first prize to there college only. PICT ORGANIZED totally fake competition. organization is so bad  the communication between teachers n coordinators is bad. they even don't know the prize money at the time of prize distribution. its been 20 days i still don't receive my prize money from college, College is good college campus is not so big but well organized, and quite strict about there rules if u want to enter in college campus u need a ID, without ID u cant come in college. College have full placement for IT and CSE students and for ENTC branch is also good placement but in IT oriented company. The core companies are less come to college. And about food in campus canteen is not good but outside the campus you get verity of foot. There is food chain in front of college.",2019-06-06,Google Map
VISHAKHA,"Very good college of IT, COMPUTER AND ENTC Engg, teachers are excellent, placements are good , over all best college after iits and coep in Pune,hostel is in the premises of college for both boys and girls,food also good.",2018-03-18,Google Map
Jayant D. Kulkarni,Premium institute for computer science and IT,2024-12-24,Google Map
Suresh M Pawal,"Pune Institute of Computer Technology, is a private unaided engineering college located in Dhankawadi, Pune, India. Established by the Society for Computer Technology and Research, SCTR in 1983. It offers degrees in Information Technology, Computer Engineering and Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering.",2022-01-23,Google Map
Suyog Bhise,"Best college for education and those who actually want to study and want good placements.....this college is best in SPPU for those (i am not one of them)
 Bt for thos to enjoy their college life at maximum..... it's bad for them(i ain't saying worst)...",2017-01-20,Google Map
swati kulabkar,"I visited nursery their
 It's really good place for plants lover
 They sell some plants also ...you just need to carry some cash as they don't have digital payment yet ..
 Very huge nursery
 I could see only half part today as there lunch time started
 Nice place",2022-03-07,Google Map
Suraj Mehta,"It's the first college in Pune to introduce Computer Science department. The college campus is very small, but quality of education here is excellent!",2016-03-24,Google Map
Prashant Kumar,Really a nice college.There is a lot of job opportunities.There is bit tough life in E&Tc but finally if you get a job at end of your college life then every thing becomes good.,2016-01-26,Google Map
Dhanashree Sonawane,"For computer engineering it is comes in first rank...
 Nice campus and infrastructure ( wide, ventilated classrooms, big conference room, best library) considered every basic need of students
 It has best teaching faculty and and labs to practice and explore new things on internet
 
 Gives placement..many MNC & Start up companies get students from this college and offer very good salaries...
 
 For computer department success stories it is famous in Pune University...
 They provide internships also..which are on live projects of companies.
 
 Nice opportunities like workshops by leading company, events in computer field, embedded systems course, competitions...
 
 Other than studies there are many more things to consider...
 Sports facility
 Basketball court, table tennis
 Free WiFi for students
 Cantine facility
 Hostel with limited seats
 I will recommend this college.",2018-06-16,Google Map
Madhura Shahane,A best college for engineering. It offers engineering courses and has great placement support. Professor are highly qualified. Highly Recommended .,2019-06-08,Google Map
kunal shrivas,"Worst management
 Got there for competition
 Won that with 1 st position and
 Got the 10% amount of winning money",2024-05-11,Google Map
Sarvar04,"PICT
 
 If your looking for the this college than yes your doing on very good way 
 The best computer college in pune university actually it was 1st ranked computer college in university the crowd and location is awesome  but problem is that alot people specially auto wala will know this college by bharti vidyapeeth back gate college they dont know the PICT college name is there so if you want to go this college simple said bharti back gates college auto wala drop at PICT 
 
 Thanks For Reading",2018-06-20,Google Map
Prashant Dhore,Best college for those who really want to study... And being ENTC student I must say the college teaches you so much that you fed up with the books and assignments and practicals which definitely kills your desire for further studies(expt nerds),2016-09-24,Google Map
Lay Patel,It is one of the top engineering colleges in Maharashtra. The campus is a little small but the performance is good.,2017-12-10,Google Map
Gaurav Kulkarni,It's an excellent college no matter in which department you are. You will definitely enjoy here. Acadamics + Art circles + events + talent + fun. Everything is there,2019-06-29,Google Map
abhishek kumar,If you want to study computer science you won't find good college other than this.only college campus is small otherwise placement of the college is very high.last year highest package was 36 crores.,2017-12-02,Google Map
Ricky Sundrani,Great institution for computer sciences and IT education. Their event Impetus and Concepts is one of the best in the state.,2017-08-06,Google Map
Shubhada Dasgaonkar,"I'm student of Computer Engineering in PICT.
 best college for acquiring knowledge..n well known for placement .",2016-01-02,Google Map
232_Yugal Nandurkar,Small Campus. But one among the Best State Level Engineering College in Maharashtra for Placements.,2015-10-24,Google Map
Farheen Shaikh,"One of the best engineering college for computer and IT.
 Green and clean campus.",2018-07-04,Google Map
Hrushikesh Malshikare,"My college, great place to study and enjoy your college if you have good company.",2022-11-14,Google Map
Mohin Nadaf,Pollution Free area. Peacfull area.Small but one of the best (Top) engineering college in Pune .,2018-03-03,Google Map
Pradip Funde,Top engineering college in Pune,2022-06-03,Google Map
Sumit Kawale,"The college and its campus is one of the best place to study, the college staff was awesome and precious.",2021-12-06,Google Map
Rohan Vaidya,Small campus great place.. overrated chhole bhature.. its good but not great..,2023-02-21,Google Map
Darshan Bari (buzz_95),"Campus is not so great but staff is awesome along with the technical events held here. And credenz gets held here and if you don't know ""what it is?""then you surely don't exist",2017-09-16,Google Map
Manish Varma (Mike),Small campus but good academics... Maximum on campus placements if compared with BVP ;) .. Check out,2016-08-27,Google Map
palve mahadev,Very popular college for computer science.,2024-03-08,Google Map
Shashank Kulkarni,Good for place for graduation. But college is strict. You have to follow all the rules of institute,2017-11-22,Google Map
Harshal Suryawanshi,Not a good place to learn. Placements are better than other colleges though.,2020-07-02,Google Map
ABHISHEK MOROPE (Abhi),SCTR'S Pune Institute of Computer technology,2022-03-27,Google Map
Vedant Zope,It's one of the top from university colleges of pune.,2023-09-18,Google Map
Shoan Jadhav,My friends are in this college..one of the best college in pune when it comes to computer engineering and information technology..,2016-09-25,Google Map
Aparna More,Best clg for Comp IT...!!!,2022-05-21,Google Map
CHETAN MAHAJAN,Excellent college for engineering students having huge packages.,2022-11-27,Google Map
ganesh tarone,This is one of the best college in Pune for Computer Engg. and ranks in top...among all colleges,2019-10-22,Google Map
Crover Mug,One of the best college for engineering,2024-03-21,Google Map
Vishwas Kulkarni,"Everyone showing busy schedule.
 Not time to discuss with parents.
 
 Hate personality staff and admin.",2022-11-09,Google Map
Krishna Jaiswal,Nice college. Area is small but good.,2022-11-15,Google Map
Aditya Darekar,Awesome...for students who just like study n don't hav any interest in dancing gathering etc,2015-07-14,Google Map
Vinayak Dange,"Best college for computer science and Information technology Engineering
 But college is strict",2017-12-07,Google Map
Dinesh Telangi,It's the best college in Pune after COEP for Computer & IT branch.,2016-04-30,Google Map
Aamer Syed,"Nice Infrastructure beside BVP DeemedUni good staff ,among the top colleges in Pune",2016-05-06,Google Map
Abhi Malusare,One of the best engineering college in pune or india.,2021-11-19,Google Map
Manish Kumbhar,Best College For Computer Engineering In Pune,2023-07-10,Google Map
Piyusha Mule,Best campus n college till now amongst visited by me,2018-10-27,Google Map
Ayush Gala,Amazing campus and excellent Navigational directions. Staff is helpful too,2021-01-27,Google Map
Pranjal Dhawale,"Best college aka school for computer engineering.!
 
 Studying here :)",2012-09-13,Google Map
Suraj Somani,Premier institute of engineering. Famous for top engineering talent.,2023-01-10,Google Map
Mohammad Kaif Patel,Teaching is good campus sucks ,2021-02-16,Google Map
Sandesh Dagwar,One of the Best college of Pune with a great percentage of placements and knowledge...,2019-06-02,Google Map
ganesha bansa,This place is amazing for the students and youngster those who like to explore the variety food.,2022-08-12,Google Map
Indrajeet Kunde,Diver charges extra payment for the location that was selected at the time of booking it was more than the payment shown at the time of booking.,2022-04-30,Google Map
Ramesh Surve,One of the top engineering colleges in pune,2022-12-15,Google Map
Yash Nimbalkar,Need bigger campus.,2024-07-14,Google Map
Gaurav Vichare,"No sports facility, Good placement , Good environment for studies , average teachers!",2014-05-12,Google Map
Raunak Maheshwari,Popularly called as G building of PICT. Contains the auditorium and is a building for the FE students.,2016-04-08,Google Map
Mehul Kedia,College is only for placement but otherwise it acts as a school.,2022-09-04,Google Map
Huzaifa Shaikh,can some one tell me that university prove diploma course in computer science after std 10th,2019-06-25,Google Map
Akshay More,"Sufficient infrastructure although you do miss football ground. Placement opportunities are tremendous, tons of high class companies visit each year. Hostels are clean and spacious, mess quality is above average. Faculty for data analytics and computer networking are the best you could get, for IT people. There are ample of scholarship opportunities if you need one. The crowd here is highly energetic and studious, and innovative.
 2017-2018 academic year broke the record in placement activities by summoning companies almost double the number compared to previous years with an above average package. Truly an excellent institution to grow academically. The only issue here is to maintain attendance above 75% in each semester, which is not that hard to maintain.",2019-07-28,Google Map
Yash Burnwal,One the best college in Pune for engineering students.,2018-08-22,Google Map
himanshu dhar,The best food place you could find around the area,2022-08-31,Google Map
Giri Kunjeer,"Good Engineering college, Campus & 100% placement.",2021-03-09,Google Map
Parag Mahala,It's a great college.... First to open comp science branch in the city,2013-03-01,Google Map
Shubham Talpe,Small campus but quality education. Prime location.,2017-07-11,Google Map
Mayur Kachare,i alloted today ....feels very good after lookig overall about college .,2017-07-29,Google Map
Yugesh Bhoge,Good Institute for students seeking for career in CS and IT,2020-12-10,Google Map
Navkesh Rana,Boring ,2024-06-22,Google Map
Siddhesh,One of the best engineering college in Maharashtra.,2021-12-15,Google Map
Piyush Nalawade,Best college in pune in terms of placements .,2014-08-23,Google Map
Akash Bhagwat,Great Engineering College in Pune!,2023-06-10,Google Map
Zaid,Please do enroll in this college I would love too see you suffer too,2022-12-13,Google Map
Jaikishan Wadhawa,Best college for engineering in computer science,2016-07-09,Google Map
Shreyash Sule,"Admission Cell people were not available.
 I was unable to know solutions for my queries because of that.",2022-11-12,Google Map
Yogesh Shitole,Most important college for all ITn's,2016-08-04,Google Map
Rohit Badole,Good college for Entc comp nd IT,2017-02-24,Google Map
Jamir Pictstm,"Good College, Good Placement, No.1 Rank in Pune",2014-06-07,Google Map
Sudhir Wani,"One of the Best educational institution for Computer, Information Technology and Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering study.",2022-05-31,Google Map
Saurabh Jadhav,This place is best for education in pune and Maharashtra also,2017-05-21,Google Map
Ravi Jha,worst college in pune city!!its a school actually!,2015-03-04,Google Map
Devendra Walkoli,Great college for computer Engineering,2022-01-24,Google Map
Mrudul Gaidhane,"Worst for campus,it is very small like small schools.",2021-01-26,Google Map
Jayesh Argade,Awesome college i am studying their,2022-12-08,Google Map
Zubiya Ansari,Is this college provide hostel,2023-12-02,Google Map
Prashant Dhore,Best college for those who really want to study... And being ENTC student I must say the college teaches you so much that you fed up with the books and assignments and practicals which definitely kills your desire for further studies(expt nerds),2016-09-24,Google Map
Adarsh Nair,PICT is located in Dhankawadi neighbouring to Bharti Vidyapeeth college. It is a private college for CS/IT/EnTC engineering. It is currently an autonomous college. Excellent placement opportunities. Companies love to visit PICT campus. Teachers are super cool with great expertise. Only thing is there are lots of protocols which u should follow. Events taking place here are awesome. Best event being InC! Overall best college in Pune.,2019-01-01,Google Map
Motish Mehta,"Superb college
 Bad college life
 Excellent placement",2015-11-26,Google Map
Pict Student,"Good College.
 Best Programmers.
 Best Placement.
 Best Environment.
 Best management.
 Good Infrastructure.",2015-05-08,Google Map
Kiran Gavhane,Awesome  Campus is very good,2022-12-01,Google Map
Aryan patil,One of the best engg college in Maharashtra,2020-07-25,Google Map
Ravindra Jadhav,Required more facilities here.,2022-10-26,Google Map
Shoan Jadhav,My friends are in this college..one of the best college in pune when it comes to computer engineering and information technology..,2016-09-25,Google Map
Dhiraj Darakhe,Great,2024-06-05,Google Map
Ajinkya Bobade,"from ENTC perspective
 First year is awesome well known professors but after that the syllabus is static and becomes stressful also very little space for recreation, placements are good for two branches but worst for the third , hardly 1 to 2 entc core companies visit the campus for recruitment , many professors have good knowledge of the subject they really encourage students to do research and go for higher education but a handful are mental frustration with no respect for students and are source of discouragement , pict makes basic understanding in electronics and telecommunication clear and 4 year at pict will definitely prepare you for your master of science degree ahed, if you are planning for doing MS then PICT is THE BEST COLLEGE FOR YOU . but if you are thinking of setting on job then for electronics and telecommunication students they will end up studying gates and flip-flops working day and night to get first class but after 4 year you will end up in C and JAVA and all programming stuff which makes no sense . If you are coming for ENTC make plans in advance where you want to be because pict will prepare you for your masters degree",2015-09-02,Google Map
Laimayum sharma,All the product from this institution are great please give me contact with shekher reddy,2017-05-27,Google Map
Sachin Potdar,"I am x student of this college passed out in 1994. I also agree to the comments given by some students saying that only expectations from student like 100% attendence, every thing perfect they want and all. But let me tell you that the college is not having teaching quality, they only expect from students without proper coaching. They were (and seems to be are) not having proper staff, teachers to teach. I will give example of professor Dr. Gurjar who was teacher for us for Fortran, applied physics and SOM. But he never taught these subjects in class. Maximum attedence in his class was 2 digits i.e. max 9 students. So in viva, he was just failing students giving reason that no attendence in class. But he never thoughts that why students don't come to his class or lectur? Actually it is his fault. This was and seems to be is environment till now. Professor like Uday Joshi, Sarang Joshi were just putting last date of submission of lab assignments on the board. When asked about any difficulty, they were not guiding at all. How they will guide? To guide a student, the teacher should have mastery on subject na? I don't know who has given PHD to Sarang Joshi, that person must be big donkey. Sarang Joshi is still professor in PICT.
 
 At that time people from BV were calling this college as PICT (People In Continuous Trouble). And it is true.. Teahers in this college were glad to trouble students rather than teaching/guiding them as they themselves don't have knowledge to teach.
 
 Sachin Potdar - x student.",2014-05-15,Google Map
santosh bhalerao,One of the best engineering college in pune,2021-02-01,Google Map
Nehal Wasnik,"best for education, worst for hostel/food/living.",2016-05-20,Google Map
Ajinkya Tale,Institute which is equipped with well trained staff and also the ambience is pretty.,2021-03-23,Google Map
Ketan Somvanshi,good place for nerdasses.....!! but geeks.....u can also do better !!,2016-01-27,Google Map
Shreenivas Ghule Sarkar (Coco),Some teachers are purposely harrass students.,2020-11-09,Google Map
Natesh Raina,Good college for nerds and geeks,2017-02-03,Google Map
Karmendra Kumar,Brilliant course selection with great lectures.,2017-04-12,Google Map
Ashish Padhyar,Placement is very good in this college,2017-11-18,Google Map
Aafaq Inamdar,"The college is pretty good but i went there for some event promotion but the teachers and staff are so rude theu are not at all cooperative, students are so nerd that they have no life other than attending lecture there is no play area too!",2016-04-26,Google Map
durgesh gujrathi,No parking and not copration staff,2021-12-19,Google Map
Sonawane Prasenjeet,Now. My clg,2021-01-16,Google Map
Premkumar Mishra,Great. Thanks,2022-12-08,Google Map
Kamalkishor Atal,"PICT MBA has been displaced from this building.
 This building is being used by the Department of Applied Sciences of PICT. It mainly deals related to first year engineering (FE) students of PICT.
 
 This building may please be renamed on the G-Map as under:
 
 ""PICT (H Block) Applied Science Department (FE)""",2016-02-22,Google Map
Sunit Mandre,Great college with good crowd and prime area.,2017-06-23,Google Map
arbaj khan tirwada,Good institute call me join,2020-02-01,Google Map
Smit RavindraN,No. 1 clg for IT n Computer technology,2017-08-03,Google Map
Sachin Bavdhankar,"Good reputed college for Computer, IT branch",2018-07-24,Google Map
Sharoni Narang,An institute with excellent quality of education.,2018-06-02,Google Map
Varshab Chandel,,2022-03-20,Google Map
Dilip Manwar,Very good,2022-09-27,Google Map
Sangmeshwar Mahajan,Amazing College ,2021-11-27,Google Map
vishanth bharadwaj,Excellent education in the field of software,2017-04-03,Google Map
katta santhi,Good.,2023-07-17,Google Map
DIP3N _K,Best for computer engg,2016-07-29,Google Map
Shirish Firke,Very good institute,2022-05-16,Google Map
Amit Jadhav,The Best Engineering Institute in Pune.,2020-12-31,Google Map
Rajat Gedam,Best college in Pune.,2017-07-26,Google Map
Shubham Bhange,"The Best College
 No.1 in placements",2019-08-30,Google Map
Naitik Shah,Good clg,2016-12-21,Google Map
Mohammadajij Sayyad,Best college,2021-02-12,Google Map
vilas gaikwad,Very nice,2021-01-19,Google Map
100k subscribers no video challenge,Good college,2021-01-27,Google Map
Burhan Kika,The most happening crowd in the area,2016-04-12,Google Map
aniket korde,"Nt bad clg.....k,k",2015-11-01,Google Map
Avinash Kumar (Tripathi),Good college in Pune,2015-10-29,Google Map
Babasaheb Chavhan,Good,2021-03-03,Google Map
Saurabh Narkhede,College campus is small and residential area,2017-12-03,Google Map
Santoshnath Chouhan,Just behind of Bharati Vidyapeeth Campus,2018-04-11,Google Map
Sweety Soni,Best Camp Good one,2017-10-25,Google Map
Saharsh Bhatia,Worst than thought,2012-08-18,Google Map
Omkar Kulkarni,Not so friendly crowd.,2016-06-19,Google Map
Vedant Daigavane,Good Coding Environment,2019-08-18,Google Map
sheetal prasad,I love it,2014-10-31,Google Map
GHANSHYAM gaikwad,Very good place for learning....,2016-12-05,Google Map
Sahil Tadavi (golu),Special for Computer science department.....,2022-05-06,Google Map
Unique Vaibhav,Nice,2022-07-14,Google Map
Shubham Singh,,2022-01-04,Google Map
Utkarsh R,Best in its field in Pune.,2017-04-20,Google Map
mangesh kulkarni,Good,2022-03-31,Google Map
Amit Gavali,Awesome,2021-03-01,Google Map
Siddhesh Bhujbal,Nice teaching techniques.,2023-01-20,Google Map
abhijeet gaikar,Amazing,2015-06-27,Google Map
Aarya Kutwal,Best College,2022-10-03,Google Map
Vaibhav Mishra,Good campus,2019-09-11,Google Map
Sunil Gadepalli,Nice environment,2023-07-10,Google Map
Glimpse Green,good institute,2016-08-02,Google Map
Chetan More,Great College,2022-10-06,Google Map
Gopal Heda,Awsum.for com sci,2012-12-13,Google Map
Suresh Pawal,This is the branded college,2016-07-18,Google Map
Dnyaneshwar Mankar,No1 college,2023-10-03,Google Map
Prashant Lokhande,Awesome college,2016-04-19,Google Map
Amol Kakade,Great place.....,2023-02-08,Google Map
Ajinkya Deshpande,Nice College,2022-03-27,Google Map
Akash Kothawale,Crap college,2016-05-02,Google Map
Atharv Galphade,Nice,2021-02-22,Google Map
Shaikh Nadeem,Good college for those who are focussing only on studies and willing to have a competitive environment,2025-01-07,Google Map
akash Mohite,,2020-10-31,Google Map
Tushar Jadhav,Clg ka area,2021-12-30,Google Map
Shreyas Waghmare,Chota Packet Bada Dhamaka,2016-10-09,Google Map
GanesH Warhade,"It is ""IIT Dhankawadi""",2016-04-13,Google Map
Rajaram Adgale,,2022-04-17,Google Map
Philip Pertin Philip Pertin,Mito,2019-02-04,Google Map
Shailesh Yadav,Shailesh aheran bahubale,2022-08-12,Google Map
Vinod Sahu, institute  ,2023-01-26,Google Map
Vinayak Borkar,   ,2020-12-20,Google Map